Oh,
let me tell these fucking freak pitches that were doing it already.
Okay.
Hold on.
Hello Freak bitches.
I'm putting this on Twitter.
As I say,
how the freak bitch is me and when I say that folks,
um,
I'm being so nice.
Trust me.
I mean it in the nicest way possible.
Um,
Duncan trussell's and the Buddhism there a little dark controls.
How are you my brother?
I'm good.
Dunkin has traveled all across this great land in recent months.
Ladies and gentlemen,
he's gained newfound perspective.
He's been squashing.
There's been many,
many things in the wonderful world of talking Trussell.
I have squatch it to it.
There was this episode of the Joe Rogan experience podcast is brought to you by
legal zoom.
If you have never heard of legal zoom,
what they are is they're not,
it's not a law firm,
but it allows you to do legal things online.
They provide self-help services at your specific direction and you can save a
lot of money as opposed to going to a lawyer like you see their last will and
testament 69 bucks.
Yeah,
you can form an LLC.
You can become incorporated.
99 bucks.
It's a suite service.
The way it's set up is they give you this,
this pattern to follow.
They show you how to get through it.
They show it's a self help type service,
but if shit goes wrong,
they can also connect you with an independent tourney if you need additional
guidance.
So if you get to a position,
you're like,
I don't know if I did this right and I'm fucking panicking and I don't want to
go to jail.
They come with a list of,
I mean I'll come with the list.
They connect you with a list of independent attorneys.
So if you need additional guidance,
you can get it that way.
And they're online process couldn't be much easier.
They'll take care of you from start to finish.
So checkout legal zoom and see if they can help you today.
And they want you to,
they have a thing that you have to say.
It's not a law firm.
So they provide self-help services at your specific direction.
Uh,
and if you use the code name Rogan,
you will save some money and check it out.
So it's an excellent company.
69 bucks for a last will and testament,
man.
Yeah,
it's pretty bad ass.
It's,
it's just how much that it's usually costs.
You would have to go to a lawyer and whatever the lawyer charges an hour,
who knows how long it would take,
but it wouldn't be a lot more than fucking 69 bucks to mint.
Pranks can be made after you're dead.
You can even get divorced,
have to do what you say and it lasts long testament or they feel guilty only
tells us none of your Duncan Trussell.
They're like,
fuck that asshole doing that.
I bet you would.
If you ever die and I'm alive,
I'm going to hear it,
boy.
Anyway,
go to legalzoom.com.
Use the cardboard Rogan.
Uh,
we're also brought to you by a new sponsor this week,
which is lumosity.com and Duncan Trussell.
This would interest you.
Um,
it is a website that's set up with exercises for your brain
and they have all sorts of cool games you can play and it only takes a few
minutes each day.
And they're designed to improve your brain's performance based on your goals.
Be Sharper,
more focused in meetings,
a better problem solver.
I love the idea of this.
So I'm,
I'm starting to use it and you know,
I,
what I'm going to want to do is I'm going to do this sponsor once a week and I'm
going to commit to doing it several times a week.
And I'll tell you if I feel anything.
But listen to me right now when I tell you that I am a dummy and,
uh,
I,
I might be in the middle of Doulas and I'll,
I'll have to check Twitter or there'd be a,
some fights I'll be watching in the background and I'll focus on that for a
little.
Okay.
So I might not be your best spokesperson.
What I'm saying is I'm going to be honest about it.
And,
um,
I love exercise.
So I think I'd practically actually probably love exercise with my brain.
It's actually one of the reasons why I consider getting into chess because uh,
uh,
from what I've heard,
it is like the ultimate brain exercises as far as like being able to calculate
and see things like,
it literally does open like new realms of possibility for the way you think.
Yeah,
but I'm scared of chess.
What do you don't play at all?
No,
no,
no.
I'm scared of chess the same way.
I'm scared of video games.
I think I'd become obsessed sucked into chess.
I think so.
Pretty sure I've seen people do it.
I've seen it at cafes,
the people that bring those roll out boards.
I've seen that in Denver.
They have that.
What does that promenade Brian in Denver where everybody walks through.
I don't remember,
but it's not Pearl Street that's done.
That's boulder,
right?
What the fuck is it?
Whatever it is.
Sixth Street know that Santa Monica,
right,
right.
Whatever it is and whatever it is.
In Denver,
they have this outside area and there's always these dudes with the timers.
They're playing that time sounded guys,
or
those guys are animals are playing that crazy timer chat,
smoking.
Do you no good.
You have to be a chest to play time or chess.
This is like,
I mean,
I pawned her,
I used to play when I was a kid,
but I couldn't take it anymore because I played with my stepdad and he was,
he was ridiculous.
He would wait like five minutes for his move.
He was like,
man,
that's how we consider this.
And he would talk and I'd be like,
come on,
you're killing me.
Way to add for chest back then.
But now I think I would actually get into it and that's the problem.
Well,
I think that's a good thing to get into.
You know,
it's really into chess.
Stanley Kubrick.
Oh,
did you hear about that?
They said that he shut down shooting on the shining for an entire day because
one of the actors like to play chess and he would just stop everything and just
played chess with a guy all day.
That's bad ass.
I would be like,
Dad,
if I was a kid
director and someone could play nine ball,
I be like,
how good are you play?
I'd be like,
come on,
let's go.
Let's play.
I have a few friends that play pool like really good and I get to hang out with
them every now and then and shoot pool with them.
It's so exciting.
It's like at all my pool playing friends is dom.
I rare uh,
um,
Adam for our place.
Really good.
Of course.
Uh,
Ari Shaffir our sphere can play pretty good.
Really?
Yeah.
He plays pretty bar.
He's a smart dude.
He figures things out,
you know,
he gets,
he figures things out and then he gets better at stuff.
Really good,
cool.
Uh,
but Max,
everybody is course one of my very good friends in these top level world
professional.
He's,
he's bad ass.
But when you watch guys who are really good and they play really good,
complete mental game,
they're making geometric patterns as there.
We're looking at the table.
It's not just about the execution of like hitting the ball on the right spot.
It's about these geometric patterns that you're laying out,
your seeing the,
the,
the path of the ball is going to take and whether or not there's going to be
problems,
collisions and bad angles.
And all this different shit.
So it's a constant calculation that people who don't really know how to play
don't really understand like how the guys play at a high,
high level and it becomes really fascinating.
Um,
so I would imagine chess would be this same fucking thing and worse because you
could play anytime you want everywhere on the what.
You just get online and you play.
And if you don't want to play online,
play with your computer.
Smart.
Yeah.
When you,
when you play chess,
you seem smart.
If you play star craft a game here with slen times better than chess or bull
combined,
you seem like the ultimate
door pull is one where it bothers you.
If people beat you.
If you beat me in starcraft,
I don't know how to play starcraft.
I can't.
Everybody kind of thinks they know how to play pool a little bit.
Not everybody,
but a lot of people do.
Yeah.
It's the investment of time.
There's,
it's,
that's a funny thing,
man,
that feeling that comes from losing a game,
which is ultimately meaningless in,
in the world.
In the grand scheme of things from the beginning of time to the end of time,
some individual star craft game has is bad.
As much impact on things is a Gnat Fart,
but at the end of it,
if you get beaten,
I,
it stings,
man.
I'm bummed.
I got dropped from silver to bronze league.
I'm back down like number 73 and the bronze,
we got to get back on your horse.
I get fucking up,
man.
I give up.
Fuck you blizzard.
I'm done with your game.
The
reason why pool always had significance to it is because either the name pool is
not the real term for the real term is pocket billiards named pool was created
because it was about money.
They would pull up their money and bet on games.
That's cool.
So that's where the term pool came from.
Actually,
when you go to play pool,
you're going to gamble.
It's one of the most gambling associated games there are for people to play one
on one.
Like you could walk into any pool hall in the country and you just start hitting
balls around and if you play pretty decent,
someone's going to come up to you and like you want to do something and then
boom,
you got an action.
I got,
I haven't happened me everywhere I go,
that's cool.
Every pool hall,
there's some dude who will,
they always sleep think that like some celebrities willing to gamble with them
and lose all their money too.
And that's always a nice assumption.
What's a standard bed?
Okay.
It can be anything it could
be betting for is time.
Time is like a nice nice when the people do or they're being friendly where like
a you and I would,
it would cost like $20 an hour or whatever it is.
High seed and we would gamble so that I would pay the bill.
I see.
Yeah.
I don't think it's $20 an hour and maybe it might be in like Manhattan or
something like that,
but whatever it is,
that's like a nice one.
Or sometimes people just split time.
They just play for the fun of it.
All right.
But sometimes the gamble and gamble or 20 bucks,
50 bucks.
But I've seen people play for 10,000
mine.
Yeah.
It's a real mind.
Fuck man.
Crazy.
Did you ever hear about that guy who took all of his money and bet it on a dice?
You know that poem by?
I can't remember.
It's no,
not because of a poem.
Yes.
That point.
I'm like,
if you can take your life in bed it on the roll of a dice,
then you sir are a man do that hurts my feelings.
Just thinking about doing that.
Well he did it.
I think he won.
What?
Yeah,
I think he won.
I hope I didn't make his story a little better.
He's still an idiot,
but at least nobody suffers.
Least nobody suffers.
Um,
this is supposed to be a Lumosity commercial.
That's how we do shit.
Lumosity.
Lumosity is like,
I'm not sure if this is really still a commercial,
but yes,
it is.
The idea behind this,
what we're talking about,
mental games,
um,
new ma,
Lumosity has it set up where it doesn't take very much time to do every day.
They have it set up like exercises,
take them a few minutes a day and it's designed to improve your brain's
performance.
Uh,
based on your goals.
They have be sharper,
be more focused in meetings,
a better problem solver or remember more and think more clearly.
I'm really interested in this because I'm trying,
I'm going to try it as I'm endorsing it.
I've heard nothing but good things.
I've heard nothing.
I looked it up online and people think,
seem to think that it helped them.
I think it's interesting man,
I should do it man,
because I can not remember people's names and that is so upsetting to people
when you don't remember their names.
I have people like I've lived in front of people and talk to them for eight
months straight,
never saying their name because I couldn't remember it.
And after a certain amount of time,
if you ask someone their name after you've been talking to them for six months,
they're like,
what is wrong with you?
Yeah,
I think it's a,
it's sort of a very,
it's like everything else.
If you don't use it,
it gets weak.
No Shit.
Everything.
The,
the mind is just like everything else.
Um,
it's like your body,
it's like you,
my mind works better when I'm thinking about interesting things too.
You know,
when I'm focusing on problems or games or things like that,
it works better.
Yeah.
It's getting a workout,
you know?
So I think it's really cool that these guys put together these gals.
I Dunno,
it might be all gals,
um,
put together this,
uh,
this website where it's just designed to improve your brain performance.
So I'm going to use it.
Uh,
I'm going to use it and report on it.
Um,
and uh,
I'll let you know,
but I think it's going to help.
I'm going to actually try it.
You should do it too,
bitch.
I ain't doing that.
That's going to interfere my star craft man.
And tell them you heard it from me,
Joe Rogan.
There's no coat.
Just a,
maybe it asks you,
where did you hear about it?
Telling me.
All right,
my friends,
we love the shit out of you and uh,
you already know it on it is.
So let's just roll this pitch.
Duncan trussell's in the his house.
Those commercials were already too long,
even though they're acquiring town
experience.
Happy with them.
So did you run out and get a new iPhone today?
Daca,
tropical timber,
20 seconds.
You're going to camp out?
Wait,
no,
but I need to ice shattered this fucking phone.
I got to get another phone.
Oh,
what'd you do?
I nothing special.
I just pushed it off a shelf accidentally and it broke.
Do you try to go gangster and use no case?
Is that what you're doing?
Yeah.
That's a silly man.
Smoke.
Well,
no,
it's because I eat,
it is stupid to not have a case and I always,
it happens where I'll have a case,
but there's always some necessity to take the case off.
I don't.
It's something we'll always have more.
I have to take off the case,
like to put in one of those new charging cases or to switch cases and then I
just,
it breaks,
my phone's always break.
Never had a broken iPhone ever,
ever.
I've had every single iPhone,
never had one cracked screen.
I've never had an uncrack submarine,
Bro.
At least one.
Yeah.
They feel really nice when they're like this.
When it's like this and it's just raw.
When you're holding it raw dog,
you feel like a gangster.
Yeah.
Just holding that metal and glass phone in that sense.
The iPhones,
the shit,
and then it's like the,
the build quality.
It doesn't,
it actually is like pleasing to hold onto.
Like,
I,
I feel like I made a smart move and having a fun.
It's this cool.
Okay.
I am.
Yeah.
I'm,
I can't wait.
I am excited about the new Siri.
Fuck out of here.
Here's the new Siri.
I didn't watch it through series.
The new Siri.
You can actually ask Siri what lady Gaga his tweets are and it'll tell you
what happens if you do that now.
I don't know.
Let's find out.
What's Lady Gaga?
Lady Gaga.
His tweets.
Yeah.
Okay.
But first you need to install the Twitter app.
Yeah.
Oh,
that a web search Twitter APP.
I don't use the Twitter APP.
Oh,
well install the Twitter APP,
bitch.
What's my,
what's my name?
Okay,
you're Brian.
Wow.
That's Kinda crazy.
On your doctor.
Fudge packer.
You have that program?
Yeah.
How'd you do that?
Because all you have to do is just go to Syria and go from now on,
call me,
Fuck Mcpherson.
And then,
then from now on they'll be like,
all right,
fuck,
motherfuckers in here is your,
and stuff like that.
That's ridiculous.
I don't use Siri ever.
I've been using it more from now on.
Call me Amanda.
Okay.
What good does it do you?
I don't know who you are,
but you can tell me,
Oh,
I see
mine.
Ah,
and settings.
You got to go to settings.
You wants to go wants to do that.
Hey,
can I make it?
Can I announce this thing that I'm working on?
Um,
so I told him sexy,
got their son.
I told you this thing about the ordering an oculus rift.
I ordered an oculus rift.
I'm scared.
I'm gonna lose you.
So here's what I want to do.
And I made this announcement on my podcast.
I don't know how to do this shit,
but I suddenly realized that I could crowd source this thing that I want to do
and get help from the podcast community to help me do this thing,
which is I want to combine like second life,
three d virtual environments with doing live podcasts with the oculus rift and
some kind of motion sensing technologies so that the movement of people doing
the podcast get translated to the avatars on stage.
So basically the idea would be in second wife or some other virtual environment,
you and I could put on oculus rifts and stare out at alive audience of avatars
who are watching the podcast in three d space because I think if we could pull
that off,
it would be one of the most psychedelic bad ass things because something I
always remember is the time we were in Chicago.
That's the biggest crowd I ever performed for is like 3000 people or 3,400
people.
It was fucking crazy for me,
man.
I'd never performed for that many people.
Just that wall of humanity in front of you.
It was insane.
And with podcasts,
it's curious because you sort of in the back of your head,
you know that there's some massive audience listening to this,
to your podcast.
You know a lot of people and if you could just get a visual representation of
that.
If like 5% of your audience or 10% of your audience,
we're able to access this technology and watch the podcast so that you could
then look out at the crowd of like thirty thousand fifty thousand avatars,
robots,
vampires,
Unicorns,
whatever.
People decided to be via a rift man.
That would be fucking cool.
That would be so cool.
If oculus rift catches on,
I don't see myself wearing that shit.
It's going to like kind of when they can connect.
Are you even talking about if Oculus riff capture?
Yeah.
Do you,
do you know what you think this rift catches on?
You think that when this comes out it's going to go crazy.
Let's going to blow up.
It's going to be the craziest thing that humanity's ever seen.
You think you're going to have three d environment so people can create and you
can go into and with virtual reality,
it's a thing that people thought the future was going to be way back in 1980.
Yeah,
I had movies about it.
They would put on virtual reality helmets and enter into these different
worlds.
Everybody thought that Vr was going to be something that was mastered by now,
but up until now it's been pretty crude and yep.
And goof,
inexpensive.
It's been really big.
If you wanted to do it,
Brian,
this people I know have put this thing on right?
Oh yeah.
They say that.
It's like,
uh,
it's supposedly awesome.
I,
I agree.
Like Sony has supposedly a better one coming out next year though.
They say the impact is going to be akin to the invent to TV.
It's basically like the ATV.
Sony's going to hook one up to their playstations.
Supposedly their new place station.
They're having my more accurate,
uh,
their version of one,
which I still think it's awesome.
I can't wait to play with it,
but I also don't see it changing the world.
Like an iPhone or cell phone or something.
Well,
maybe not that extreme because of the connectivity that we have.
A cell phone is pretty incredible with cell phones have been able to do connect
people all across.
Oh yeah.
I think it will be that information.
It'll be that extreme.
It'll fit that.
Yeah.
I think it'd be more extreme.
I think it's getting here,
follow this.
This is what happens.
Here's the,
here's what's going to happen.
Is it?
It's the,
it'll go from development into a being applied to certain games like it,
it'll become access.
You can play borderlands on it or something like that.
And the description of this is like,
so you put this thing on and now you are in the video game,
so it's perfectly tracking your head movement.
At first it's going to be,
it won't be perfect.
I Bet I've heard it's pretty damn close though,
right?
At first it's going to be a little off,
but as the thing develops and improves,
it's not just going to track your head movement.
It's going to track your eye movement,
you know?
And then this combines with something called haptic technology,
which is this,
if you've seen this man,
these new air guns that like blast out air,
it's specific parts of your body.
So if you're getting shot,
you can actually feel yourself getting shot.
Wow.
Then you combine that with this omnidirectional treadmill and now you are fully
immersed in a different universe.
So that is going to be,
it's going to be fun,
but I think it's the right one.
I think it's gonna be like a,
you go to an arcade to have this experience that I don't think it's going to be
in everybody's house and people are going to have treadmills in their house and
doing arrogant on this treadmill is really small and you could just park it in
front of a TV,
just like you have a chair in front of a TV.
It's portable.
And the in the,
the,
what's going to happen is this is going to keep improving.
It's not just going to stop at like borderlands are stop it.
Uh,
uh,
world of Warcraft.
It's gonna get better and better and better till games become indistinguishable
from reality.
So you put this thing on and you're no longer be in this world,
but you'll be in another world that's crossed that uncanny valley as they call
it.
Yeah,
and seems real.
And that's where we'll start seeing the first legal cases of people who
committed crimes because they thought that they had taken off there or they'd
put on a VR device and they had an APP.
That's what's gonna start happening.
Well,
that would have to be far more interactive than this current level of technology
you'd have to have.
That gets into your
actual mind itself and the changes the way you feel.
Thing.
I have people who come over and play grand theft auto with me who haven't played
it before and they leave.
I in called call me and they're like,
man,
I want to run over people now.
That game makes me want to run over people.
They're joking of course,
but it does.
When you're driving after playing that game,
it kind of pops into your head like,
oh,
that's it.
Look at that crowd of people you could plow down.
Do you play it with a steering wheel or do you use one of those?
Um,
grand theft auto uses?
Uh,
I,
I it might have a steering wheel function,
but I think it uses the x box controller cause you could always get those like
additional controllers.
Right.
Don't they make those for driving games does mean it's not really a driving game
that grand theft auto is oh no,
no,
no.
So the running people over in consequential,
it's just the violence.
Yeah,
it's just a May.
It's a may him engine.
So like you end up like inevitably doing something that makes you get chased by
the cops and then you flee from the cops.
And during that time you plow down as many people as you can.
You can do shit like run someone over or hurt someone and then an ambulance will
come to take him to the hospital.
The new one coming out looks incredible.
What a strange desire.
We have to do horrible things to people with no consequence to just run around
and brain people with fucking crowbars and run over him.
Like that is such a strange desire.
Yeah.
It's fun.
Woo.
You do it in games.
Yeah.
Ooh,
yeah,
it is.
It is a big part of us for sure.
Why?
What is that?
Well,
I mean,
we come from,
we're,
we're a predatorial creature.
Everything for us to survive,
we have to kill.
The only way to survive on this planet is to kill plants or animals.
But you got to kill something if you want to live.
Oh,
we're predatorial.
Yeah.
My goodness.
This comes out next week.
Fascinating.
Because it's so,
it's such an exciting thing to play like a really good video game,
especially against other people like,
uh,
you know,
what are those?
What's,
what's the big one call of duty that everybody plays?
I don't,
yeah,
call of duty.
Yeah.
College.
Each one huge.
Ron writes,
the guys get together,
they link TVs up and they get fucking nutty with each other and,
and,
and play these like really,
really intense games.
Yeah.
I guess the intensity of like really competitive games like that,
especially those super immersive ones and the high graphics and the huge screen.
It's like how are you going to get that in the regular world?
What are you going to do this going to get you feeling like you're actually in a
firefight like besides actually going to want to fucking fire.
That's is going to give you that kind of stimulation.
Nothing.
Hey,
you're not going to get a driving.
Nothing.
We're taught.
What we're doing here is we're tunneling into,
uh,
we're tunneling into space digitally and creating these alternative universes
that we're using technology to port ourselves into.
Yeah.
What the fuck is that?
That's what's happening.
It's the impulse to travel.
It's the impulse to explore being inverted and telescoping into itself instead
of going out.
Cause there's nowhere else to go.
We don't have access to rockets.
Most of us don't.
Space Tourism is going to happen,
but it's extremely dangerous.
So to satisfy that wandering pilgrim,
hunter gatherers spirit that caused us to populate the entire planet,
where now actually ballooning reality out digitally and filling that space in
with experiences that people can have.
The generally involve traveling,
exploring,
discovering new stuff,
new terrain and part of,
and also killing.
Cause that's also what we did back in the day when we explored it was gives you
a Christopher Columbus,
it was grand theft auto except you had a boat,
but you are still like running around shopping peoples' arms off.
Yeah.
And when you really think about that,
that is how this country was kind of founded by a bunch of really crazy people
that got on boats with guns and swords.
And when they got here,
there was all our idea that we're taught in school of what Christopher Columbus
and all those people did.
And,
and the,
the actual,
like really graphic depictions that have been attributed to be,
it's really terrifying,
terrifying,
horrific genocidal shit.
Yes,
that's true.
Yeah.
People don't like to,
uh,
they,
most people don't like to think about the fact that the,
what we emerge from is such a violent,
violent history that is violence beyond anything happening in the world right
now.
I mean,
they were giving,
weren't they giving blankets with smallpox on it to Indians?
Isn't that,
wasn't,
that was,
I think that's much later.
I think that's the,
the actual United States governor.
Oh yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
And then that's,
then you keep going back and it's like one,
a atrocity after another.
Yeah,
that was most certainly done.
Um,
this guy,
uh,
has a really interesting article about stock guy,
Ben Cohen that's in the,
uh,
the daily banter,
so saying should a mass murderer really be celebrated?
And that's about Christopher Columbus.
Yeah,
it's really interesting.
We get a day off school,
you get a day off work.
But uh,
he did some horrible things in his quest for gold.
Columbus seeing bits of gold amongst the Indians concluded that there were huge
amounts of it.
He ordered the natives to find a certain amount of gold within a certain period
of time.
And if they did not meet their quota,
their arms were hacked off.
The others were to learn from this and deliver the gold.
Whoa,
man.
Fucking whoa.
Their arms were hacked off.
The others were to learn from this.
I mean,
they went brutal gangster eval right away.
Yep.
It's incredible.
For Gold.
Yeah.
Listen,
this is crazy shit,
man.
Documenting an eye witness account of the Spanish soldiers by Bartolome de Las
Casas,
a Dominican priest Zin continues.
Last Casas saw soldier stabbing Indians for sport,
dashing babies' heads under rocks,
and when the Indians resisted,
the Spanish hunted them down.
Equipped for killing with horses,
armor
plate Lance's pikes rifles,
crossbows and vicious dogs,
Indians who took things belonging to the Spaniards,
they were not accustomed to the concept of private ownership and gave freely of
their own possessions were beheaded or burned at the stake.
This is crazy.
Las Casitas testimony was corroborated by other eyewitnesses.
A group of Dominican friars addressing the Spanish monarchy and 1519 hoping for
Spanish government to intercede,
told about unspeakable atrocities.
Children thrown the dogs to be devoured.
Newborn babies born to women,
prisoners flung into the jungle.
To die.
Ah,
this is Christopher Columbus.
I mean,
this is insane.
whether or not this loss cost,
this guy,
just that Columbus is an asshole and I'm just going to fucking tell people and
he's killing paintings.
I mean,
I don't think that that happened and I don't think he talked like that.
Why would you make him talk like that?
Just a,
just a real country priest isn't house Deg Tyrese Shit.
How many people do you think Columbus Celt?
Oh,
who knows?
Man obviously killed more than one,
right?
Yeah.
It seems like he was a killer chopping arms off.
Yeah,
it really did happen.
If they cut people's arms off to get more gold out of them a whole week,
they do it today,
baby.
Every time they drop one of those fucking hell fire missiles on people,
they do worse than chop their arms off.
They hamburger eyes them and they get money for that hell fire missile that's
direct conversion of a human body into gold or whatever we use for gold.
Now,
depending on where you're from,
well now it's even more crazy.
Right?
Because you,
you don't have to actually see it take place.
Nope.
You know the,
the drone thing is one of the weirdest things that a human being has ever
invented.
The ability to fly something somewhere,
launch these things from it and then you don't even have to see it.
Like you're not even there using an oculus probably.
Well that's probably going to happen,
right.
Who knows what kind of stuff.
Look,
if they're working on Oculus rift for sure that government must be using that
because if they can map out the world,
think about this.
If you could map out the world with a computer,
if we get to the point where computers are so powerful that they can literally
Google earth the entire planet,
every inch,
not,
not inconceivable within our lifetime.
Right.
If you think about what know current state of technology,
if they could get that program that into the rift and you could see the
environment,
everything.
Yeah.
All as one.
Incredible.
I mean they go what that does to education just instead of like remember like
science.
Science can be so fucking boring.
Even though what the teacher is talking about is some of the most insane things
ever.
You know,
like the notion of a,
even I think back then they didn't even know this,
but you know,
the idea that I Adams uh,
function as particles and waves simultaneously,
like weird shit like that or the idea amoeba describing it to me,
but this giant blob that just kind of sucks things into itself.
It's so flat and boring when you hear someone talk about it.
But if you've got a rift in your desk and you put that shit on and suddenly
you're looking at an Amoeba from the perspective of being much smaller than an
Amoeba,
just some giant glistening thing.
Watching it absorb something as though you're a yes.
Then suddenly it's like,
Holy Shit,
this is an incredible planet wearing well,
you know,
because you can only do so much with a description.
That's one thing that it's going to do.
There's a lot of amazing thing that's going to do.
It's a really good point.
I never even thought of that.
Yeah.
Education,
it's going to be really good for education.
Really good for like training people to shoot.
I think it's going to be a really good for marksmanship.
Well you know what the guy from the float lab has been doing,
he's been working on a technology that allows you to look at videos from inside
the tank and he's patented I think,
and he's kind of like all these different versions of it that he's been working
on it.
He calls it like the cellular into cid cellular influenced device and the idea
is that in the darkness of the tank,
the tank is so dark that you can,
you'll have this image in front of you with like the lowest light emission
possible coming from the screen and you'll be floating in the tank so you're not
feeling your body and just the information is right in front of your face and
it's,
the light emission is so low that you actually can't even see the television.
You only can see the image and you can watch documentaries.
That's super cool.
It's pretty bad ass.
Yeah,
that might be,
that might be like a step on the way to this like rifting because obviously it
can't give you the three d immersive technology feeling,
but then the rift is not giving you floating.
Well it's not you,
you don't get what the problem with the rift is.
You're not experiencing the environment with your,
with your eye.
You're not feeling the touch of the environment really.
You're not feeling like when you go outside,
do you feel the wind blow?
You can smell,
you know,
the rift hasn't,
we can't hit that yet,
but what the rift is just one piece of the puzzle leading us in the direction of
full immersion into technology.
Well that's it dude.
Dude.
That's it.
The,
what is it?
His warehouses where people come and bring their rifts and you set up an
environmental like in environmental reaction place where you have wind and
leaves blow around and we have noises programmed into the walls and you're in
this thing plugged into this machine that interacts with you.
Yes.
Yeah.
That's the idea,
man.
It's,
it's,
um,
and I think it's going to,
you know,
gradually get there,
but you really just the idea of full immersion and the idea of like,
how am I mean?
I don't know.
Can you talk,
I don't know what your audience is,
but let's say it's over.
Let's say it's over a hundred thousand.
Imagine sitting and putting on this fucking rift and looking out at 100,000
people watching you.
I don't know how many people are watching this stream right now.
How many people are watching this dream to a few thousand million?
How many?
A couple thousand?
Probably 2000.
2000 if you could just look out at 2000 people.
Yeah,
it'd be weird as far it would be amazing.
It'd be amazing.
And I,
and I think there's,
if people worked,
I think that this is something we could actually make.
It's probably going to happen whether they want to or not.
Well,
I've see that's the thing I was thinking.
It's like,
well,
someone's eventually going to make a podcast auditorium that works with the rift
or at least works in three d space.
Then I realized why not like be part of the thing that gets shipped moving in
that direction.
I don't know how to code,
but certainly like we have an audience of people who have coders within it and
know how to organize digital projects and could open source of thing that maybe
works in second life.
You some uses like emotion sensing technology to immediately transfer your
gestures to your avatar.
I think that's really important because other otherwise you just have the static
thing that's limited to really shitty animations.
It needs to be able to translate your hand movements and ultimately your smiles
and frowns.
I think we're far away from that.
I don't think we're that far away,
man.
Well,
I think if everyone,
I think if everyone would just listen to your podcast of the people who like our
programmers decided to work together.
We could be there in a couple of weeks.
They're probably already working on all this stuff because when I went to Nvidia
for the show,
for the,
yeah,
the Scifi show,
there was,
um,
a guy we met,
God,
I wish I could remember his name.
I apologize.
Uh,
very nice guy to give us a tour of the latest greatest technology that bridges
that uncanny valley.
And it was incredible.
I mean the,
the,
what they can do now with mimicking human movement,
they can't get tongues.
Tongues don't come out right.
And uh,
like why it just because it's just too weird.
All right.
It's your tongue's moving around.
Yeah.
They're not so good with hair yet either.
Like full heads of hair.
Me If you're a woman either,
but if you're a woman and you have beautiful hair falls out,
they can't quite get that down.
Yeah.
That's pretty cool man.
Cause there's a lot going on there,
man.
There's a lot going on.
Amazing amount of calculations,
but they're all,
they are very close.
Yeah.
Man,
we are moving in the direction of this happening and uh,
we and also moving the direction of being able to do comedy shows from your
house with this kind of technology or you could like project a comedy show and
uh,
virtual space.
Second life already has a lot of this stuff.
The ability to do this.
It just,
I don't think it's been refined to the point where it could,
it would be worth doing is it podcast because otherwise it's just too cartoony
things sitting on a stage.
If also you would have to like ask people to,
to join it and to buy it and to get in there and it doesn't really justify that
they don't need the rift.
You the rift,
it would not be necessary for people because they could come and just like watch
it on their computer screen.
Oh,
you know,
Ryan,
pull
this up,
pull up.
Uh,
Invidia face works.
Real time performance capture,
face works.
Is there a there I believe is their name,
their proprietary name?
I guess for a what this thing does he got it?
Yeah.
This way to see this.
This is fucking incredible.
This,
this guy can move and talk and it's so God damn close.
Yeah,
that's,
that's it.
That's so fucking crazy,
man.
Yeah.
Look,
the cow fucking close.
That is,
it's even weirder when you're seeing it in high def up close.
It's really good.
It's bad ass.
But it look no tongue.
You don't see his tongue.
They can't get the tongue and he's bald.
So see,
but even as like there's a weirdness to it.
Just a little bit of weirdness to it still where you would be pretty sure that
it wasn't a guy,
but if you are alone in a prison and that thing talk to you,
you might actually have a friend.
He might actually like don't go anywhere.
Hey,
stay with,
talk to me man.
If it talked back like one day you're going to get a computer that's so smart,
you're not even going to care that it's a computer.
Right?
If you have no friends,
like in the future,
everyone will have friends and you you'll be able to,
you'll be able to judge people based on like how subservient they're robotic
friends are.
You know,
if you come over your house and you open the door and the robotic servants or on
their knees with their mouth open and you're like,
what the fuck?
Oh,
they didn't know I had company.
That's how you want to be greeted.
You want your robotic servant to just on their knees with their mouth open as
you come to the door and just fucked their face.
Oh Man.
That's who wouldn't want that.
You wouldn't even have to feel bad about it.
I guess it depends on what mood you're in when you come inside.
It also depends.
See that that feeling of being on your knees and sucking a dick to someone
that's like really exciting and that's something they want to do.
So I'm saying is that if it's as if it's a bad thing for a person to do and
that's why you're getting your robot to do it.
Whereas there's some freaky people out there that would love that and there's
nothing wrong with her,
right?
Yeah,
you can.
You don't need a robot today.
There's people who will just,
it act like a robot and no,
it's not even that.
It's people that like that they,
they'll,
they'll like to suck a dick.
I like to get on their knees and like the whole naughtiness of it.
This,
this people that get off on that,
guys and girls,
so better off finding them then getting a robot as well.
My point cheaper.
You don't have to charge him well and you never know man.
You know,
people can be real expensive.
They won't rust.
That's well,
yeah,
this might not rust either.
Jizzing in it all the time and it's going to throw it to be like,
you're fucked.
All that sweet.
That's what keeps it alive.
Think of this stinker,
your robot's a breath.
He'd come over to your friend's house and he smelled their robots breath and you
just know it's stomachs filled with old judges
testing boar or not.
Or it's like it's hungry for ges because it's battery acid.
Stomach is burning through the lining.
It was the last time you came inside your robot,
man.
You need to feed your robot.
You have to come in them all the time.
You can't just not come in your robot.
If you ever smelled someone's breath,
it doesn't eat right.
Yes.
If someone has a dietary thing,
sure they don't eat,
they starve themselves correctly.
It's a really weird ketosis.
Isn't that what we call it?
Some weird name for it.
People that have like complete empty stomachs for long periods of time,
get some really funky breath shit,
man.
I told there was a girl I was seeing once and I told her no,
her mom,
I was like,
your mom's breast smells like the ocean.
I didn't think it is popped out.
Right,
right.
PTOSIS.
Pull ahead on that video.
I'm Wa,
I was still watching that nvidia video and it gets even crazier at the end.
I forgot about this.
They do a whole thing with lighting.
This is going to blow you away.
This is what's really,
really freaky about this technology.
The way they can move the light as if there was like a spotlight around it.
Like watch as it goes further,
like much like three quarters of the way in
oh three quarters of the way and not seven A's.
Three quarters.
There you go.
When you see the light,
like look at the,
look at the difference,
the variations,
the light,
all the shit they can do now is shadows.
Super Cool.
And they show you like what the Mesh is like underneath.
Praise God,
I'm so happy this is happening.
So credible.
It's,
it's so hard for us to grasp it dude.
It's happening right in front of our faces.
And we're like,
yeah,
yeah.
I love,
it's just normal.
I love it.
You can go to Oculus rift.com and for 300 bucks you can get one of these things,
man.
And I just ordered one [inaudible] man,
they're irresistible like in and it's only gonna get better.
It's only going to get better.
And plus you can mildly contribute to this.
This is what's really cool about the rift.
A window at the new windows connect.
Um,
all these things like the corporation's open them,
open them up for developers and like just let whoever can work on it,
work on it.
And that's where all the innovation happens.
Yeah.
You know,
which is why I'm saying if we created,
all we need is three components of virtual space to do the podcast in uh,
the motion sensing technology to in some way translate hand gestures and hand
movements to the avatars and the virtual space and a way to access the space
with a rift.
Those three components.
If we could figure out a way to merge those things together,
then we could do the first podcast.
As far as I'm aware,
in a rift space.
Yeah.
I think it should be possible.
I mean,
it only makes sense that we'd be able,
I mean the studio can be really simple,
right?
It's used to be an empty space.
This space.
Oh,
the space we in virtuals yeah.
Do you have to actually have a it does it have to be detailed?
Does it have to be constructed?
I think will be the easiest
thing because you could just build whatever you wanted in there.
I mean,
on my website they have a Minecraft server that's like insane.
The shit that they've built in there.
How do you build it with textures?
Yeah,
they just construct weird,
just weird things in buildings and temples and castles.
So you could build the space.
Could be insane,
like whatever you want it.
But that will,
that's the easiest part.
I think the hardest part is the motion tracking.
And I already heard that they've ported a second life with the re the re the
rift can get into second life already.
Wow.
It's going to be so weird.
Brian.
Turn vacation off though.
That is cool though,
because those,
those uh,
bodies that he's looking at,
ah,
those are these hyper realistic digital scans.
Three d digital scans of naked people.
Brian has a video.
I saw that hand.
I know it's going up some dudes.
No,
no,
no.
That's what I thought on.
This is insane.
No,
but that they apparently like getting really close to these hyperrealistic
characters is uncomfortable.
What is this?
This is nuts and we're seeing right now is a really insane glimpse at what the
future is going to be.
A really insane glimpse.
This is some strange stuff.
My friends were going to enter into a very strange new era.
Yeah.
It's very weird and it's weird to watch that guy minus the MHC,
which is,
since it's such a strange thing to see someone just kind of just stick your
waiting in there empty apartment.
Wow.
This is amazing.
Yup.
It's so God damn close.
Yeah.
He's looking at,
this is incredible.
He got it.
He got onto a ladder,
a step ladder and it changed his perspective.
Now he's looking in this woman's ear.
This is amazing.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah man.
That's what I'm saying.
We could look out and then virtual audience and do the podcast in front of a
virtual audience in three d space and that will be fun.
This is going to be incredible.
This is going to be really incredible.
It's going to be terrifying,
man.
I mean incredible,
but so alien from the life that we're living now,
it's curved Fox.
It looks exactly like a flags and could be,
it's like Kirk Fox had sex with wolverine.
It's probably going to happen,
right.
Kirk's Fox no longer having sex with wolverine.
Yeah,
no.
This,
uh,
this,
this rift becoming like a new version of reality.
Yes.
And,
and it won't just be games like they already have apparently.
Um,
let's see.
Brian,
see if you can find the gete rift Ghia,
teen experience.
They apparently have an experience of getting your head cut off.
Oh,
you put,
yeah.
So it's like,
it won't just be games.
There'll be experiences that you can like,
you
know,
like those guys who fly in wing suits,
you know,
it could be like experienced that Pov of being in a wingsuit or,
experience what it's like to,
you know,
goes flying office,
uh,
for a ship into orbit.
Like in that movie that's coming out.
Yeah.
That's it.
It simulates a execution.
You can look around to everyone watching you.
Oh yeah.
But see,
see what's interesting about the rift is you could see how like the Ndis there
becomes this need for like blocks and actual shapes in three d and in our
reality to really pull it off,
this is may actually giving me anxiety.
Yeah,
it's,
well,
you know,
this is definitely the one of the,
um,
it's the emergence of the great tech.
No,
Jesus here.
That's what you're seeing the extrusion of this insane new reality into our,
uh,
you know,
what's going to become really,
really popular is fat chicks because then you'll be able to put like the shit on
and then like have it like be like Jenna Jamison or someone like that and the
whole time or just on him like this blob of a woman,
kind of like a shape.
That's an interesting point man.
Because the physical form,
it will begin to become less and less important where this technology almost
nothing,
almost nothing if people choose to live in.
Well,
here's the,
here's the real crazy one.
If that gets to the point where it can figure out how to mimic actual physical
feelings,
intimacy,
touch,
sex,
things along those lines,
then it'll all be about get really good at that and it would almost be like a
call to abandon the material world.
Yep.
Yes.
Christ.
That's a matrix shit,
right?
Yeah.
I mean,
I know we're just talking nonsense.
I don't,
Holy Shit.
It's not really nonsense.
There's already,
I mean,
you've seen what's already happening.
It's not nonsense.
In fact,
it's almost like knowing that this tsunami is about to come pouring over our
reality,
which is a tsunami of telescoping realities,
infinite little mini digital wormholes that go off into all these various
designer based realities that allow you to be whatever it is you want to allow
you to be whatever form that you want.
When I watched the video that was playing on the screen and listened to what you
were talking about,
listen to your words,
the way you were saying what you were saying,
it felt to me like the narration of the beginning of an apocalyptic Scifi movie.
I'm not bullshitting.
It totally did.
I was looking at the video and I was saying,
man,
this is really like a scene in a movie where people describe how the world
changed because of this seemingly innocent piece of technology and you're just
completely changed everything.
Yeah,
well,
you know,
man,
it's just another,
it's another paradigm and it's just more freedom for humanity because we're,
we are so limited right now,
but maybe not my,
my point being that the real issue is like,
what do people say television?
Oh,
people just sit in front of the TV eight hours a day.
They're just sitting in front of the TV not doing nothing.
And if they're not doing that,
they're playing video games.
All they're doing is staring off.
But what is what is really going on while you're watching TV?
What's really going on?
When you're playing video games,
you're not in this world.
That's right.
You're in another world.
You might just be sitting down,
but that's the point is that you've given up your body,
you've given up all your movement to exist in a world that's only sight and
sound,
just just those two,
just those two dimensions.
But if we can offer you a more compelling world,
it's completely three dimensional.
And in fact,
eventually when the technology arises can affect your moods and your way you
feel,
and you can get Billy bad ass at it,
just like you are at fucking Madden football and be the ultimate person in this
new dimension.
When you just can't get your life in order.
Here in the wrangler world,
you're just a mess trying to interact with people.
You know,
maybe you're,
you're,
you're physically frail or small or a feminine or picked on or bullied or what
happened.
But that doesn't mean shit.
You can literally recreate yourself with your mind and your will in the wrist.
Yeah,
it will.
The focus will go to your personality and your ability to be creative.
Your mind,
creativity will become,
uh,
one of the most important facets if this new,
a renaissance,
this digital renaissance.
And it will be your ability to manifest environment and,
um,
situations that are unique and creative and expressive.
You know?
And if you can't do that,
you will seem,
you'll,
who knows,
you'll probably just have like,
you'll,
I don't know.
I think everyone's going to benefit from this technology.
And I do know what you mean.
There's a swooning feeling when you consider the that for the first time,
um,
and,
and human in the history of humanity,
we are going to be able to travel to alternate dimensions,
uh,
and,
and be fully immersed within them.
Cause you know,
we,
our minds are made to do this like our minds,
when you read a book,
your mind will do the same thing.
You will go into this space of the book.
It has to,
it's a little more difficult and you'll have to sort of learn to be a reader.
But once you get into a book,
you're in that reality.
You are experiencing that reality.
You're feeling that reality.
You're hypnotized.
It's a hypnotic state.
If it's a good book,
if it's a good book,
when you're watching TV,
it's the same thing.
Video Games,
And in all of these things,
what's happening is your identity,
the idea of who you are is no longer existing in this reality but has been
projected and do a different reality.
And the reality of imagination interacting with someone else's.
Yeah,
that's it.
That's exactly it.
Our identity itself are,
we aren't,
you know,
this is like the first things they tell when you get in the eastern religion.
Eastern philosophy is a,
you are not your body.
That's the first thing they try to teach you is that your identification with
your bodies.
In fact,
one of the great causes of suffering,
uh,
for a human being is the idea that you identify with yourself and you then begin
to think that the self is permanent.
And inevitably you find out that that is not the case at all.
When your hair starts falling out and you start getting old and your parents
die,
you begin to realize like,
Oh shit,
we're all crumbling and dissolving.
And if you think you are the thing that's dissolving and crumbling,
and if you think you are the thing that's going to turn to dust,
then um,
you will suffer a great deal and feeling a tremendous amount of anxiety and,
and um,
but the idea is well that's not your,
not your body.
You're just identified with your body.
And the same way that when you read a book,
you identify with the characters in the book and become fixated in that place.
We also identify with the character of ourself and you get so stuck in this idea
of this is who I am.
I'm Dunkin or I'm Joe or I'm Brian.
And that's when you find yourself getting in arguments and fights,
sticking up for ways that of being that you don't even believe in any way that's
identification with the self and it causes a lot of problems.
So this is uh,
another version of a,
the self being transferred to um,
alternate states,
alternate identities.
I mean what's more exciting than the idea that you can assume a brand new form
of brand new life.
No one knows who you are.
You can do whatever you want,
completely new,
create whatever history you want for yourself.
You're not locked into this one.
Meet Avatar.
Not only that,
but you really are that person in the world.
Like your,
your material world is inconsequential.
Like if you were a loser in your material world for most of your life,
if you did time in prison,
if you,
you know,
beat up your ex girlfriend and you went to jail for it and you know,
and you got raped in jail all,
what am I doing?
I'm going to just keep going here.
You've got an a traffic accident and you've washed your left knee.
My point is,
in that world you're not,
you're not that guy.
You're a totally different things like your,
this thing that you create.
You're born again.
Joe,
did you see this video of this drunk guy trying to do it?
A roller
coaster?
Tavis his computer.
He's just hanging on right now is just the beginning where it gets crazy.
Yeah.
This is right where it gets crazy when it gets down to
how drunk is this cat?
Wow.
That's incredible,
dude.
Holy Shit.
That's incredible.
That's it.
I don't know if drunk is what that guy was and he was like,
he's been snorting meth.
I just think it's the experience itself.
Well,
that's what they say.
The experience is pretty intense,
man.
This week I went to Disneyland,
took the,
took the wee ones to Disney land blood.
Yeah.
Were there,
it was hot as fuck dog got so dehydrated and uh,
then I had a massive headache the next day cause I did just didn't drink enough
water.
Um,
actually it made me really tired.
Like Saturday I was exhausted because of it.
My fucking head was pounding.
I tried to work out and I couldn't,
it was just a,
when you're out in the hundred degree temperature all day,
like from like 10:00 AM all day,
you don't really,
you're having fun because it's Disneyland.
You don't realize you're just drenched with sweat,
you know?
And I only drank a couple with those fucking smart wars.
But,
uh,
anyway,
my point was I went on this thing on great adventure,
California adventure,
whatever it is.
Yeah.
It's called a soaring over California.
It's worth going there and waiting in line and doing it over and over and over
and over.
And now really it's fogging incredible.
What is,
it's a giant screen that you fly into.
This is what happens.
You sit down,
it's called soaring over California.
So it's basically this three dimensional ride.
We sore all over,
uh,
the,
you know,
those mountains and the ocean,
the redwood trees and shit like that.
You sit in this thing,
they,
they strap you in and then the machine lifts up and pushes you forward over this
giant concave screen.
So you can look down the screen projects down to projects forward and it
projects up and it projects all around you.
It's a,
it's a massive,
massive screen.
And as you're,
the only problem is you can actually see the grid.
So you'd probably try not to see the grid,
but it's not perfect if they could figure out how to do it,
update it.
So there's no grid,
there's no actual lines.
But my God,
this is what it's like.
You fly down above these people kayaking and these people skiing in the
mountains.
It's not going to do it any justice,
what you're looking at.
But when your,
when your feet are dangling and you're hanging over this thing and you're
looking down,
it's amazing.
And it's so cool.
It's,
it feels great.
It feels like you're flying.
You're like,
ah,
yeah,
yeah man,
I can't wait for this.
It's going to be so cool.
And it's not just like aside from like entertaining stoners,
it's also going to be really bad ass for people who are paralyzed and for people
who aren't able to get out,
you know,
because of physical limitations there.
This is going to free a lot of people from shitty existences man.
And,
and that's something that's quite beautiful about it cause if you've happened to
have popped out in the wrong body,
you know you don't get to know what it's like to ski or you don't get to know
what it's like to
ride a bike.
And a lot of people are going to get to experience that and that is really
beautiful when I'm worried about it,
I'm not necessarily worried about,
but at least I'm apprehensive or Lisa have my mind open to the possibility is
that that's going to be more enticing than regular life to the point where
people are going to abandon regular life.
Like a real matrix scenario.
Is that good?
Yes.
It's going to be more people not going outside.
To me mark that shoulder and it's going to be,
no,
it's going to be,
you know what?
It's going to be less fucking cars on the road.
And you know we have too many people carousing around and worldwide and they're
not doing a great job.
They're polluting shit.
They leave their god Damn Mcdonald's bags all over the place and cigarette butts
let them float into Narnia and exist there for the rest of their lives.
So why do we need them parading around in the national parks and the streets?
Let them incubate and their shadow little apartments.
What's the big deal?
Cause it sounds like the apocalypse,
it's the apocalypse for nobody.
It's this is the,
this is the segment coming man.
It's going to be the apocalypse to clear out the malls.
I feel like it's the apocalypse
is going to clear out the most and was going to buy anything.
I went to sit at home and fucking,
well I think there'll be no buying things.
Well,
a certain point in time,
everything you'll have will be virtual.
Well you'll use matter as simulators.
So like what Matt,
what you'll do is these three d printers is,
there's a great video it,
if you look up Elan Musk,
um,
I don't know,
three d printer,
I think there's a really cool video or he shows out him building an engine part
by like modeling this thing in three d space and then printing it out in a
titanium or some kind of three d printer that uses a metallic alloy.
It's just beautiful.
Yeah,
that's really fucking scary movie.
What a bunch of people who are addicted to this virtual reality games get stuck
in the virtual reality game.
They're addicted to it and they keep getting home invaded by people who aren't
just want their shit.
And you know,
these,
these carefree geeks have to fight for their lives to get away from these angry
hood apocalyptic future.
So easy to rob people.
You just walk in there like gesturing around you.
Just take your TV,
take anything you want.
I won't probably won't be TVs anymore,
you know,
think of this game.
Here's one of the outlaws.
They're going to have to start outlawing certain types of games once that
uncanny valley goes away.
So that,
let's just imagine that the technology has gotten to the place where VR reality
and our reality are indistinguishable.
Think of a game that starts,
the moment you turn the game on,
the game starts by you turning the game back off again.
So when you turn the game on,
you think that you've turned,
that you've decided to turn the game off and now you're existing in a virtual
reality inside of video game,
but you think it's your real life.
You don't realize that you've gone,
you're,
you're still in the game.
That's going to be the problem.
It's like it'll start,
there will be games that you into thinking
that you are in your living room,
that you didn't even start playing it.
You'll look down and see the goggles sitting there.
You know what,
if like it had a camera on the,
on the front and then so like it looks like we're in this room and then somebody
opens the door that that doesn't exist.
You know what I mean?
So word adds things to your real life and you could just walk it around,
walk around because it's plugged into your iPhone or your future or something
like that.
Yes.
You're walking around in the real world.
The half the shit have to shit's not real.
Yeah,
it's very possible.
It's going to happen,
man,
and that's when we're going to have these amazing court cases where it's like,
your honor,
I thought the little girl was in a game.
That's why I threw her in the alligator pit.
Oh God.
That's why I eat the mushroom.
Yeah.
Well there will be no illegal drugs by the time the other half of the band and
all that,
there was no one around for fucking police keeping,
like take whatever you can get your hands on.
It used to be like freely cooking meth.
Right.
And like a few blocks from the fucking road was pulled over on a trail or
smoking like crazy.
Nobody cares anymore.
No one knows.
Like you're almost always going to have to ask her,
you will this game.
Are we in the world one?
Which world are we in?
Oh God.
What's your favorite designer?
Reality.
Speaking of a special effects and you know,
the ability to recreate worlds.
I watched some old school,
twilight zone's last night,
which ones watched two of them.
I watched a nightmare at 20,000 feet and I watched um,
the second one that I don't remember the name of it is the guy had an eval dummy
who told them what to do.
Yeah.
Have you seen that one?
You need to see that one.
I think I have seen that one yet.
But it's been awhile.
I forget his name.
I forgot the,
the dummies name,
but it's uh,
I dunno,
but it's incredible.
It was amazing cause it's,
it's like,
uh,
it's a period piece.
You know,
it's like a time capsule.
It's not just,
you're not,
I mean,
first of all,
like William Shatner is about to light up on the plane and there's a no smoking
sign.
And the wife says to him,
honey,
don't like that.
Now wait till we get in the air.
And you're like,
what?
Like that's normal honey.
Don't like the wait till we get in the air.
And they had curtains in front of the windows.
Ah,
that's a good puppet there.
And it was a,
uh,
an airplane.
Look with propellers.
It was a propeller plane in 1963,
man.
And it was the worst special effects you've ever seen in your life.
The,
the,
the Gremlin that's on the wing of the plane is fucking hilarious.
He looks like he's from Yoga,
Gaba.
And I'm not kidding you pull that up.
Pull up the Gremlin.
Uh,
I mean,
it's so bad,
but it was awesome.
I was loving it.
I was like a little child,
like giggling at the TV.
It was amazing that William Shatner,
right?
Yeah.
There's a man on the wig of this plane
and like be a Kremlin.
It was awesome.
It was awesome because,
because of the fact that it all sort of fell into that time period.
You almost felt like you yourself were in that time period watching it.
It's,
it's really good.
Oh,
come on.
That totally looks like Yo.
Gabba.
Gabba it's incredible.
And wait til he gets close up.
There's a closeup of watch this.
Are you fucking kidding me?
That is fucking scary.
Ramblin.
Oh,
that's right.
He calls over the lady every time he calls over the lady,
look,
I don't allow,
oh,
he's right there.
He flies over and lands.
He sticks his hands and their propellers.
He's lifting up the shit.
It's such a great episode and it's all about William Shatner is getting on the
plane for the first time since recovering in a mental hospital hospital with his
nervous breakdown.
Right.
His wife has had to take care of the kids.
He feels like a total coward.
He can't believe this happened,
but he's vowed,
honey.
MMM,
I'm fine now.
I'm not a coward anymore.
I got it together,
but there really is a fucking man and the wing of the plane.
That is bad luck.
It's just that man fucking with them.
That is bad.
It's amazing.
It's so good.
It's so fun.
It's such a fucking fun movie or
Oh hell yeah.
It is.
Oh,
that's not a good,
watch this.
Look at this.
He opens the window.
You could.
You could just do that.
I'm planes.
You can open the windows.
I don't want to tell anybody who would have happened.
I want to give any spoilers.
Okay.
Oh bad.
Look at that outfit.
The outfit so bad.
That's so cool.
So credible.
Ah,
man.
That's a great app.
Yeah.
Though all the twilight zones were amazing.
The one that,
uh,
I really thought about you though was the dummy one.
Evil dolls are my specialty.
Yeah.
It was fun.
It was fun to watch two of them last night.
I was like,
wow.
It's like,
it's so strange when you think that that was what,
60 years ago was it?
No,
not even.
I didn't even 60 years ago.
It was like 50 something.
63 is that what it is?
51 years ago,
man,
it was not long ago.
It's 51 years ago.
Yeah.
Not Very long ago.
And look how far we've come.
That's crazy.
That's hard to believe.
It's 2000 yeah,
2013 what the fuck?
It's very interesting and I love that this is a,
you know,
this,
this stuff is,
people are mostly unaware of it.
Like a lot of people that I talk to you or mentioned it to,
they have no idea about any of this stuff that's coming.
It's like so
in the periphery somehow that people aren't aware of the rise of three d
printers.
People aren't aware of the new gesture based,
uh,
technology that's coming out.
You know,
they know that there's a connect,
but they don't realize that pretty soon you're going to be able to model.
I mean,
imagine just like having some digital clay that you can model into some thing,
whatever it was you wanted,
you know,
whatever the thing is,
you want a little knife or a,
uh,
you know,
and a spoon,
whatever little tools,
and then you could immediately print that out and something in your living room
or something in your house could determine what alloy you wanted to use that
that's totally going to happen.
I remember when I was watching Star Trek,
the new generation way back when they have those fucking matter as simulators
that I always thought,
man,
what would that do to society?
If you could immediately create anything that you could think of in real,
in this reality.
What's that?
What's that gonna do?
How are they gonna keep pirates from pirating phones and pirates from pirating
computers or whatever.
The thing is you want.
You can you can or guns that's already happening.
You know,
three d,
three d printing guns.
You can just print your bullets printed gun.
Can you print bullets?
I think you can print the shells.
You'd have to get the gun powder.
Oh,
can you print shells?
You can make shells on a plastic shells.
Really?
No,
this is going to have to be metal.
But that a printer that Ilan Musk is using in that video he's telling you about
it.
Prints and metallic alloys.
Oh yeah,
yeah.
That's,
you know,
that's an inevitability to,
it's just,
those things are probably not going to be accessible to the consumer for a
couple of weeks.
For a couple of weeks.
Printing,
skin printing,
skin
gone to combine skin with spider silk.
They've already begun work and trying to combine human skin with spider silk and
they believe they're going to be able to do it.
They're going to be able to make bulletproof skin.
Wow.
That's awesome.
They're going to be able to fillet you,
pull your skin off and then spray some bulletproof skin all over you and you'll,
you'll have the face of a 20 year old God.
Yeah.
It would be just perfect and wonderful.
Still sweat though.
What the spider spider skin.
Maybe you only have to,
you can only have at certain spots,
like where are you really vulnerable?
Like around your neck.
Like you need to like be like you need like a certain amount of your body open
to perspire him.
Does that make any sense?
Yeah,
it makes a lot of fucking sense.
Well then they'll figure out how to make it so it does sweat.
They'll make it exactly like human skin.
Just have this incredible material.
Yeah.
There's also that the idea that you're going to be able to have synthetic red
blood cells so that you can run faster or unfair.
There are without having to take a break.
Isn't it amazing that one of the most powerful things,
pound for pound known to man is made by a spider.
How evil are fucking spiders.
Think about how small they are and all
they have to do is just jump on top of you and spray you with this sticky shit
that you cannot get away from you.
There's no way you can get away.
And then they are done.
They wait to eat.
You sometimes are spiders,
have they ever lose?
Aren't spiders like a million and a hoe?
I mean,
how many,
when was the last time at spider loss to a bug?
The bug lands in the net.
The spider never loses.
I guess a spider ever got its ass kicked.
I'm sure they must have fucked up every now and then.
Like try to capture a bird or something like that or you can't pick what gets in
the nat manages things.
Get in their bird pro birds land in your shit all the time.
That's a problem.
Yeah.
But the birds probably can get free or people walk through.
I mean,
I've destroyed right weeks of spider work.
Yeah,
but you're a person.
I mean a bug.
If a bug lands there and a spider goes to eat it.
Does a spider ever get Eaton?
Does it ever,
does he ever fuck up and pick somebody who's his ass?
He can't kick.
Uh,
I would say it happens probably spider fucked up and bit off more than he can
chew.
It's
man.
How horrible is that?
I phone announcement today.
That was just such a dip.
No,
I mean they had the eye that just the,
the what they announced like the iPhone is so that's so boring.
Yeah.
I think it's kind of sad.
What were you,
what were you hoping for?
Honestly bigger like Joe is this screen not bigger screens.
Exactly the same.
The only thing that it has is that fingerprint scanner,
which to me is,
I don't give a shit about the camera's supposed to be much better.
Yeah,
but you're going to get the gold one Joe.
Um,
yes.
If they have a philosophy or one,
I'll get that one.
Philosophy philosophy had to be let them bitches.
No,
I got the gems
be dazzled and be better.
Is the Samsung bad because I've been thinking about jumping ship and buying one
of those.
It's pretty bad as the new ones,
especially with that accessories watch.
I don't know if you've seen that.
The new galaxy note has a watch that you can buy to go with it,
which has a camera on the watch so you can just sit around and take pictures.
I want to know when you're playing videos on youtube,
it's not going through the soundboard.
It is.
These people are complaining that it's not.
They're saying they don't hear anything.
Huh?
You fixed it.
Yeah,
it's just quiet.
Oh,
okay.
Yeah,
and if like if you downloaded yesterday's episode and it was too quiet,
if you re download it right now,
it's fixed.
I can't help but think that someone like Steve Jobs who was so fucking powerful
and crazy and influential and so obsessive that when that guy's gone,
everybody just takes naps.
They just slapped the fuck off.
I mean they,
I end,
they'll probably let you,
like if anybody works for apple is listening to this right now and they're like,
fuck you man,
we're fucking working hard hat we have the best phone.
I wouldn't even necessarily say that anybody from apple actually talks like
that.
It's just for the purpose of humor.
I went that way but my point is like you guys used to be like way out ahead and
it's very clear you're not anymore mean.
64 bit processor is the only thing what happened and then the Ipad,
I thought that was supposed to be announced,
you know like a new iPad or something.
I didn't,
I don't think they ever announced what they're going to announce Brian and you
just know.
I mean rumors,
the rumors are wrong.
They didn't announce anything.
What kind of stuff with the 64 bit processor,
Brian,
what kind of stuff can I look forward to it?
This will show up 1000002nd quicker with the 64 bit processor and your phone.
That's all.
I mean it can't be leaps and bounds over everything else because you know then
it will ruin all the programs,
you know for all other phones.
I have no problem with the process from my phone.
I never,
I never say damn,
I wish my phone process things quicker.
What do I do with it besides,
you know,
make calls and go on the web occasionally.
But when you,
I just want a bigger screen.
I want a bigger screen and I don't know,
that camera seems like it's better,
but why not take it up more higher than eight megapixels?
You know,
they didn't go any higher than the megapixels.
There's ones that are coming out right now with what,
42 megapixels or something like that.
That's not that important for images quite honestly.
Because how big do you want the image?
Well,
it's the number one phone.
It's the number one camera in the road now is the iPhone world.
And if you,
if you look at the images though,
if you take them and blow them up on your screen,
they look great.
Yeah.
But you still want them big because what have you,
they're big sizes.
That's the other problem.
They eat up data,
they eat up memory rather like these things only have 64.
This is 64 gigs and that's the best one.
The,
the uh,
like the galaxy that doesn't even have 64 is 32.
A lot of these guys have 30 to 32 gigs is not enough.
If you have your songs on it and photos,
you need more than that.
And especially down that they're using these a four K uh,
the new galaxy three is going to film in forecasts going to be giant file sizes.
I can only imagine.
Come on Tim,
get it.
I don't know how long you could,
I mean how long would 32 gigs last?
If you're filming in four K it might be like 32 minutes.
I don't have less than that now.
It's less than that.
Yeah.
Well it's going to suck then because like what if you actually want to make a
movie with that thing like we were talking about,
you'd have to have a million fucking cards pop 'em out every five minutes.
Yeah.
Does it have memory?
I just didn't note have assist.
So that's what apple needs to do is just come on man,
just get a little SD card on the side there.
Yeah,
that would be nice.
It'd be nice if there was some sort of alternative storage.
We could enhance the storage.
Like if you get 62 but you could bump it up to 128 or something like that,
or 6,428 that would be nice.
It would ruin the style of the fund.
I just think that with that guy gone,
there was a big void in the company.
I also think that's just the way it is.
The world is there's ups and there's downs.
Things maintain.
They don't charismatic leaders,
you know,
push past a certain boundary where the people are willing to go and in their
absence there's a void.
You know,
it's so many companies have risen and fallen like that.
Let me just so many like companies that are even successful that at one point in
time they were on hard times and they were doing badly.
Well,
what is the,
I mean,
what would you want a phone to do or is it maybe,
what if you could just a lot of things that these android phones do that I
phones can't,
they will act as an IRR.
The act as remote control.
You could program your phone to be a remote control for your television.
That's pretty nice.
It's pretty dope.
Use that.
That's great.
It's amazing because it has an IRA.
You don't,
you don't ever have to like have a Samsung galaxy four s for as for and note
three.
What do you want to get the note three Duncan again,
if you're going to get Andrew,
I'd get the note.
Three three films in four k four K it's big.
Galaxy s three is big,
but I still want to be able to fit in my pocket though.
We might be able to fit in your pocket.
It's big.
Yeah,
it's,
it's almost silly but not quite.
It's like,
but when you see it you go,
Ooh,
La one one.
Let me tell you something.
Friends.
I just played Skyrim on ultra HD on my new fucking PC and that is crazy.
What kind of pizza do you end up getting?
I can't remember the name of it.
It's just I got the the,
I can't remember.
You just went to like a best buy or something.
Not best buy.
I went to Fry's some Russian,
sold this thing to me.
He's like,
this will do everything.
But it is,
it truly,
it's crazy cause you blink game.
Yeah.
You mail,
go to my website,
you'll pill Dick.
You need help.
I have both Dick in here.
Come on Duncan Trussell pre order Deakin hair.
I put you on,
listen brothers subscribe every month.
Come new bill.
That would be a cool month.
10% of every month.
That would be such a great service man.
Psychedelic of the month club.
Just new designer psychedelics that like,
or you get a basket of psychedelics,
you know like depending on like what kind of trips you like.
I quite honestly feel like the next decade we're going to see some big movement
in that regard because I think once the door's been opened,
like with this uh,
Eric Holder cat is saying about marijuana now that they're,
they're essentially not going to go after Colorado and Washington state and
they're opening the door to other states do the same thing and they're not going
to act like they were almost abandoning it.
And it's almost a resource thing at a certain point in time.
It's like how do you justify that resource when it's so obvious that we have so
many other real significant problems and in doing so,
then it opens up the doors for MDM,
a for post traumatic stress because a lot of veterans of finding great relief
with mdms and then there's Iowasca,
which can also function much the same way I begin,
which can get people I began,
which would the be the big one to get people off these God damn pills.
That vice on Ibogaine is great.
It's amazing.
But yeah,
Lsd for alcoholism,
LSD treats,
alcoholism apparently.
So yeah,
there's a lot of uses for these things that are going to be emerging.
Man,
I'm,
Obama's confused the shit out of me,
man,
because now I'm starting to wonder.
Maybe he's like really smart because if we don't go to war with Syria,
what if we don't go to war with Syria?
What if the whole thing was some weird faint where he tricks he likes,
scared them that we were going to.
Now,
look,
I'm being very optimistic.
For those of you shrieking out there,
hate Obama,
he,
but what if it was,
if we don't go to war with Syria and they actually do dump all their chemical
weapons,
then that's an amazing maneuver that he did strategically.
If his real goal was to stop chemical weapons attacks,
Mike and the conspiracy theory side of me believes otherwise,
thinks it's more to sell weapons or it has something to do with upsetting
whatever.
Uh,
the,
uh,
relationships Syria and Russia have,
but
it's scary now available without even trying.
Wow.
He turned it in and think about that.
True.
Well,
it said that it's a picture that says apple introduces fingerprint scanning,
world's largest name to fingerprint database now available without even trying
and it has a raccoon rubbing his fingers.
He was evil.
Fucking face teeth,
creepy ass.
All these scary raccoons are fucking terrifying.
They will fuck you up to man.
Especially those big urban raccoons are used to being around people.
That's scary.
Things created.
Dig.
Yes.
Amazing hurling.
That rack and Kevin Rose,
that guy's got balls
that fucking poor dog men.
That's the last thing you want to see is a raccoon mall and your little dog.
Yeah,
no kidding man.
And those things can do a lot of damage.
They're real.
They've killed daughter's fucking rabies.
Don't forget the disease.
Yeah,
yeah,
absolutely.
This is a Skyrim that they have a new mod that's ultra realistic mod,
so it makes all the characters just re ridiculously like over a holy shit.
What mod is this high resolution or something?
What's the mod called?
Red Bag?
Real vision is,
I want to see how the combination of a bunch of mods look at that.
That's pretty sweet.
You can't,
it's hard to tell.
I need to see like,
Whoa,
that does look pretty bad ass.
You just see like a a character.
They have any characters you can see a person or something,
find a person for you.
So this is just requires more processing power.
Video card.
You'd probably have to have like Sil Lai video cars.
Is it one of those things?
We have to sell some shit.
I can't remember the,
yeah,
that looks great man.
That's,
that looks really good.
She looks a little too hot.
It's going to confuse young boys.
Confuses
me.
The girl who,
there's some girl running around with me right now named Lydia and she's hot
like she's very attractive
in this fucking game and Skyrim bow.
Okay,
I got it.
I got a new tell us you're still in the game.
He did.
He's separated that he sounded like he talking about real life.
He didn't sound like you were talking about a game
dude.
But the funny thing is that they were there.
The girls probably like,
like some guy like me sitting there going,
no,
it's a,
it's not,
it's artificial.
It's not.
Skyrim has an online,
unfortunately it's not.
No.
Why isn't it on online?
I Dunno.
You just playing by yourself.
You fucking door in front of a computer playing a game.
I'm the only one in America.
To me it's just not as same.
Playing against another person is what's fun.
Yeah.
Playing against the bots.
The game itself,
like you don't understand.
Oh,
when you see this shit man,
it's so cool.
The thing that you were saying where you start thinking,
fuck,
it's the end of the world.
It does kind of make you think that is just so high tech and while it's the end
of the world as we know it.
Yeah,
and I feel fine in the end.
It kinda is,
but it kind of isn't because the end of the world wasn't when they invented fire
either.
The end of the world wasn't when they figured out how to sharpen metal and turn
it into blades,
the end of the world,
all these things that changed everything.
When people start cutting people up with sorts for the first time,
I bet a lot of people like it's the end of the world sharing,
figured out guns and they start shooting at people and they're like,
oh this is the end of the world and the world.
They probably thought it from the Mama.
We dropped the bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
I think it's always,
we were always thinking it's the end of the,
what is the end of the world?
If you're a human being,
it's the end of the world cause you're going to die.
It's sort of is the end of the world.
It's true.
Everything.
Everything dies.
Yeah.
Your subjective world,
we'll uh,
go by by inevitably now we might be able to extend our life spans a great deal,
uh,
without this stuff that's coming.
I have hopes for that,
but no matter what,
if you're a human being,
there is a subjective apocalypse that you have to look forward to.
Um,
and there's no way around that.
Yeah,
there's a,
what goes up must come down.
There's Kevin Rose throwing the fucking,
he that killed that raccoon.
I hope it to been private.
I don't know man.
It looks like it broke.
It's back.
Like he didn't have,
he like gangster.
That's a guy who loves his fucking animal.
Cause even put that thing over his head for more velocity.
He didn't just push it off.
He threw that thing that was a death row.
That's what it deserves,
man.
I'm all in a Chihuahua.
I know,
but look at it.
It doesn't even know what's going on.
He fucking gang death thing.
Okay.
And it hits the side of the,
I think it killed it.
Hopefully they got his eyes.
He can follow his little laser eyes all the way down to conti.
Fucking dog killing last one.
Did the dog,
his dog.
His dog.
Okay.
I don't know who.
He is.
Okay.
Yeah.
Everybody knows he's okay.
Did you hear about that hundred and 70 107 year old dude who died in a police
shootout?
No,
that's a Monroe is a door.
107 year old man had died in a shootout with the Swat team Saturday and
Arkansas.
He'd been asked to Moodle that move out of
the house.
He was living in into an apartment and a detailed comes from is the doors
roommate.
Who says that the,
that he was very angry.
His roommate,
apparently his roommate was trying to kick them out.
Can you imagine being roommates with 107 year old?
Well,
I mean command to be 107 year old and being told you have to find new places to
play.
Hundred 70 he's still have a fucking roommate.
That was a,
that would be my peanut butter man.
Wow.
This sucks.
Dude
himself in the room refused to come out and that's when his granddaughter fall
down to open the door.
He pointed a gun at her and stated,
you better stop breaking into my house.
And then,
uh,
the police arrived and then three hours later a swat team stormed his room.
That's sucks.
It just has a swat team.
Stormed his room is the door was dead.
Lewis and the police say that is a door was the first to open fire.
They didn't even say the SWAT team shot him.
They're like trying to not say they shot this 107 year old guy.
That sucks.
It does suck.
It's,
it'd be,
it would suck if it was your dad would suck if it was you.
I hate all of that stuff is tired of that.
It's also,
there's a real sadness.
There's a real reality,
um,
about mental health.
When people get to be a certain age,
like there's a lot of people who are old that are delirious,
like really delirious.
Like their,
their mental function is severely compromised.
And when something like this happens,
that easily could be the case.
The guy is 107.
What are the odds that he's thinking,
Claire,
Oh,
I'm not leaving my nest.
You know,
who knows?
This is my idea.
And plus he survived 107 years in Arkansas.
I mean,
what,
what kind of be survives 107 years old.
You'll never get me out of this shell.
It's just the shell man.
Everyone gets tell attached to their shit.
Did you hear her?
The isolated,
the strongest organism on earth.
And it's,
I don't have a joke for that.
Gonorrhea.
Oh really?
Strongest organism on earth has gonorrhea.
Whoa.
Wow.
I can move something like 100,000 times their body weight.
What gonorrhea can move stuff.
Yeah.
Well here I'm,
I'm a read the road.
I've never heard that before.
Gonorrhea could be our new fuels.
Your keys getting dragged
nukes,
grass fed gonorrhea.
I don't want to slut shame.
So I met male sluts.
Maria dip.
This is uh,
this is incredible stuff,
man.
It's a science world report.
Uh,
no,
that's on it.
That's the gonorrhea carries things.
Um,
I'm trying to find it real quick so I can give you the low down.
Did you hear that?
It's like a fourth person with AIDS and the porn industry,
they just announced.
Yeah.
Here it is.
Gonorrhea is the strongest living creature.
It says,
scientists
have recently discovered the gonorrhea bacterium is pound for pound,
the strongest living creature on earth capable of pulling up to 100,000 times
its body weight filaments called uh,
I believe it's Pili,
p I l I which grow from the bacteria.
It can be up to 10 times as long as the bacteria itself and our what Ghana Rhea
uses to move itself or pull other organisms.
I had no idea gonorrhea could carry things,
which is a bad ass.
That's incredible.
That's so scary.
Well then think about this.
What about the new bell gonorrhea that they said that they were getting in Asia.
That's like killing people that they can't cure.
We're here to here now has been cases in California.
Jesus Louisa's yeah,
keep it in your pants.
Duncan Trussell there's a serious one out there.
Don and I,
this is a serious one.
My Skyrim has gone.
Arianna and I'm fine to then is terrifying.
Jesus Louisa's now Brian,
what do you know about this aids thing and porn?
Dunkin's plans for wedding.
They just found.
Can we tell about who we tell about your love?
No,
let's not Sara Nay.
What?
Love your love.
Your pouring love.
Oh No,
absolutely not.
What happened?
Nothing.
Nothing happened.
It's just someone that he admires her very deeply.
No,
I've got a favorite porn star.
I'll admit it.
I'm not ashamed.
You Hook up with her.
Know who's,
who's the porn girl?
No,
no,
no.
Neef doesn't matter.
Don't even dated porn girls.
That's all right.
Brian,
are you worried about the super gonorrhea?
No.
What about this?
They all sent me like every time there's like one of these cases,
like every girl that I've ever dated in porn like does like a mass text of like
screenshots of their aids tests.
Yeah,
that's great.
That's great.
If they got an age test right before you met him and then they got the results
right before you met him because you're,
if you're having sex,
like say if you get an aids test,
especially if you're in that business and look,
I'm clean area.
I'm cleaning.
You show up at work and how long ago did you get that test?
Did you get it yesterday?
Did you get it a day before yesterday?
How many people are you fucking that time?
How many you like,
are those guys clean but they pouring guys or did you get drunk at a bar and
pick someone up like,
uh,
did,
did you have a boyfriend that you hook up with or you guys monogamous where,
where's your vagina been?
Yeah.
You don't know where's your penis?
You don't know man.
I know.
Especially this is,
I believe that this super gonorrhea is going to be a bad one.
I'm really,
I'm really nervous about humanity because a of that episode that we did of a
Scifi show,
when I started talking to people about pandemic diseases and diseases like mers
or some shit called Murs,
it's killing 50% of the people that get it.
Yeah.
I don't know what it means.
I don't know what [inaudible] means.
It's [inaudible],
but it's not like Murcia.
It's a m r s like SARS,
like I don't know what it stands for.
Google what it stands for,
but what they were telling me was absolutely fucking terrifying.
What they were telling me is that shit just changes.
It just,
they morph things morph like
that guy that we,
when we went to that,
that lab in uh,
in,
in Texas and Galveston.
How fucking freaky was that?
I was freaky.
I hated that.
I didn't like being around that Shit,
man.
Yeah.
That's a,
that's a spooky ass thing.
And Connor like incurable gonorrhea doesn't gone it.
What is,
what are the symptoms of gonorrhea?
Middle East Respiratory Syndrome is what this Mersch.
It is one of the symptoms.
Symptoms of gonorrhea.
I thought it was always like green ship Chirp and I have your pussy.
I thought it was for doors they start wearing for doors.
I that's not true.
Grow a beard.
No.
Now,
yeah,
this Saudi Arabia,
the Saudi Arabia thing,
this Merce things apparently incredibly deadly.
So it's called a corona virus.
Yeah.
Fuck man.
It's killed.
Some people man,
cure it with a line.
I don't think that many people have it,
but I think the people that are getting it are having a really hard time.
And this is a fairly recent articles to September article.
This is some scary shit,
man.
Sure.
And the,
the super gonorrhea.
I mean,
look,
it could be that,
it could be a new thing.
It could be a new super herpes.
It could be a new thing that comes after that.
We are there,
they're fighting it tooth and nail.
All these people that are trying to develop vaccines and,
and different,
uh,
different cures very selves.
But the way they were describing it to me,
like,
we can never win this.
Like,
you don't understand these things change all the time.
Like they're more morphing up.
Like all of a sudden the Spanish flu comes out blank now.
There it is.
That does it.
I mean,
look,
there's no way to keep that from happening.
That does happen,
happened plus the plague.
The black plague always.
This shit always happens.
It's just part of being on a planet.
You know,
it's gonna,
there's gonna be some disease that emerges.
Um,
that said this is the best time ever,
ever for that,
for not getting sick like that.
And that's why,
you know,
like the whole anti vaccine thing,
it's a very tricky thing.
It's a very tricky conversation to have because I don't believe that's a black
and white issue.
You know?
I know people personally who have been harmed by vaccines.
My friend's dad has Lyme disease cause he took a Lyme disease vaccine.
Wow.
Yeah.
They don't give it out anymore.
Well anything that comes out,
no matter what it is,
no matter what it is.
Red Bull for example,
anything that's released to a massive amount of people statistically is going to
fuck some people up.
Absolutely.
No matter what it is,
whether it's vaccines you need asprin.
Some people die from aspirin,
pencils,
some people allergic to peanut butter.
Yeah,
they're dead.
That's a weird thing.
You know,
when you mass manufacturer anything,
you just kind of have to accept the fact that it's going to kill a certain
percentage of that.
Your consumers and then nuts.
Yeah.
That's nuts.
Or like contingency plans at amusement parks.
Like,
when you build an amusement park,
you know,
statistically someone's going to die in this place.
You've got to have these contingency
plans.
That's just the funny part of mass producing things is there,
will it to mass produce a thing,
a human sacrifices always necessary in some way a human will die because of the
fucking thing.
Guaranteed someone's died from Legos.
You know,
a kid's choked on Legos,
I'm sure guaranteed someone's died from like a hammock.
How many kids have died from bikes?
Think of trampolines.
Oh,
we could probably fill a hundred graveyards where the corpses of kids killed on
trampolines.
Paralyzed swimming pools.
Yup.
Diving boards.
The world is a mine field.
Yup.
There's no way to avoid it.
You're right.
Yeah.
There is no way to avoid it.
Um,
but they're trying hardest fuck with,
with vaccines and that's,
you know,
there's a lot of people that think that it's a big conspiracy that is a big
conspiracy to vaccinate kids.
And the real issue is that there is a lot of fucking money involved in vaccine
and cap.
That's a fact.
And we all know that when there is a lot of money involved in things,
that the,
the decisions that are made don't often reflect the health and welfare of the
people as much as they reflect the ability for these things to generate income
for the people who make the laws.
That's why cigarettes are still legal
fact.
I just have to,
you know,
in situations like vacs,
vaccinations,
I deferred to people like that.
Don't know.
Yeah.
Doctor that we interviewed.
I don't,
I don't know for sure.
I don't know.
I don't think that guy is making money from vaccines.
But when we're off camera,
I asked him about what he thinks about people who aren't taking vaccines and he
got,
you know,
he got mad.
He was like his face got sad and pissed off at the same time.
Like we're doing all this fucking work to try to keep you assholes from dying of
diseases and you've liked managed to like scare off people from doing,
uh,
from,
from taking the steps to prevent these diseases from spreading.
Yeah.
He didn't seem to me like a some kind of conniving vaccine salesman.
He just seemed like a scientist who's trying to prevent disease from spreading.
Oh,
of course.
So I defer to that guy.
Well,
no,
the real issue is I defer to that guy as well of course.
But the real issue is what is the evidence of any actual damage being done by
vaccines?
What are the actual numbers?
And when you go into the numbers,
that's when you go,
oh wow.
$2 billion was paid out in vaccine court.
There's been,
there's been many multiple million dollar,
um,
fuck cases that have been paid out in vaccine court to a new Peter's for,
here's one from 2013.
Ready for this.
Two autistic children awarded millions by vaccine court.
Oh No,
this is,
it's not just a few,
a few people.
It's uh,
there's,
there's quite a few.
I mean there's many,
many cases.
That's where it's kind of crazy.
It's like this is the vaccine court awarded money
where did millions of dollars to two children who rapidly regressed and became
autistic after around of routine childhood vaccinations.
Wow.
Why is,
how does that work?
How do they,
if,
if vaccines don't cause autism,
then how did this money get lob passed out?
And if vaccines do,
but they only do it for a certain number of people.
How,
I mean,
how do we recognize who they do it for?
Is it people who have a very specific gene?
Cause that's what the issue was with the uh,
I'm disease.
People had a very specific gene or a tendency or the ones who want up testing
positive for it or wound up while,
while the,
excuse me wound up getting it.
That is so awful to think that you fucking take your kid in to protect him and
they become autistic and now I'm man having kids.
It must be terrifying.
That's what it is.
In a way.
It's also awesome,
but when you take them to get vaccinated,
some part of you is like,
oh is this,
most vaccines are safe.
Most vaccines are very safe.
I thrive.
I thought there,
there are people that I have that are very good friends that said they're chill,
they're children changed after vaccinations and people say that that's just
anecdotal.
And then they were changing anyway.
And people have a way of looking at the past and rationalizing,
and I go,
maybe.
But when you see rulings like that where there's billions of dollars have been
handed out,
it's kind of weird,
man.
Here's another one.
2008 the federal government agreed to award damages to the family of this young
girl's name and what's her name,
who developed an autistic like symptoms after receiving a series of vaccines in
a single day,
the vaccines were given,
blah,
blah.
She was diagnosed months later with encephalopathy and cephalopathy.
Yeah,
but Google is Google search.
How many people have died of measles?
But hold on a second.
All right,
hold on a second.
She was diagnosed with whatever this two degrees did.
Uh,
diseases.
It says brain disease caused by mitochondrial enzyme deficit,
a mitochondrial disorder.
It's not unusual for children with such deficits develop neurological signs
between their first and second years.
Very little scientific research in this area.
And no scientific studies show whether childhood vaccines can cause or
contribute to mitochondrial disease.
So I don't understand how they wanted the money.
Yeah.
It's probably like a peanut allergy.
It's just,
you know,
some people,
right?
It's probably so small though with the amount of people that don't have any
effects.
Well,
I think,
but for a lot of people that are really scared,
and that's what your point was,
your point was,
yeah.
People with kids,
they get terrified.
What if their kid thousand people died of measles?
That's a lot.
158,000 how many people croaked from vaccines?
Well,
let's see.
Let's ask how,
no,
it's [inaudible] one,
three.
Brian,
how many people had been damaged from 17 million people,
if that?
The vacs vaccine is actually just a bullet.
You'll never get sick again.
We got
to shoot it in vaccine injury.
5,000 families of children diagnosed with autism have claims for compensation.
5,000 [inaudible] though,
man,
I gotta Piss.
Go ahead.
Go make your PPS.
You warned us before.
Dark posts.
Really good for a doctor.
I'm glad you're being unhealthy as I slurp down bulletproof coffee,
I feel fat.
Butter.
Can I get,
can I talk about my show real quick?
What show are you talking about?
Standup life's.
Yeah,
sure.
Uh,
me and Tony Hinchcliffe,
we're going to be in a Phoenix,
Arizona,
September 26 at stand up live and then the following day in Columbus,
Ohio at a,
with Tom's a Gra and Christina Biedrzycki and,
and all the tickets.
Right desk.
What that TV sweet baby.
Jesus.
That should be fun.
Yeah.
Columbus,
Ohio is always a good time to,
yeah.
It's going to be weird seeing Mike and I have two.
My sister has two kids now and they send me these videos and they're already
like using iPads and they're like,
these kids are like two and they know how to use the iPad in like the remote
control and they know how to like record programs on the DVR.
And it's like they're too,
and they know how to record the program getting there flip.
It's like ridiculous flipping through shit.
Oh,
that's hilarious.
How can they read and how can they record programs?
They don't read.
I think my sister just says,
you know,
highlight red button to record or something.
I have.
Wow,
that's fascinating.
We'll,
she probably talks them through it.
Yeah.
It's not like they're like a bitch.
I got this.
I'll bring some videos.
It's actually,
bitch,
I got this.
It's weird.
Really.
They're like,
I got it.
Yeah.
At two and I think it's two and three.
That's insane.
That's,
I have a hard time to believe in that,
but it's coming.
Everybody's going to be like weaned on it from the womb.
The beginning.
Yeah.
They're going to just dangle an iPod over your crib when you're a baby or an
iPad.
Rather,
you're going to be watching little kids movies.
Do you think school is going to be somehow phased out in the future?
Like with like,
you know,
virtual classrooms or,
or,
or something like that because it seems like nowadays that uh,
everything's on your iPad.
It's like there's a school that in Los Angeles where all your work is done on
your iPad,
all your books or on your Ipad,
you just have an iPad.
Now,
I don't think that that's ever going to be the case where you don't go to
school.
Right.
Because there's a real need for,
with kids,
for social interaction.
It's a community and social interaction.
It's a huge part of being a human being.
And people don't think about that when they like homeschool their kids.
But when you're homeschooling,
you're kid,
you're taking your kid out of a community of peers and you're isolating them.
You know,
it's a weird thing and I could get it if there's no good teachers near you and
your,
your kids struggling and you really want to do it your way and help them and
then you real patient about,
you know,
bringing him around other kids maybe for,
a school activity type shit that other places would do.
But I just feel like kids need to be around kids,
man.
You need to learn what the fucks out there need to be around crazy dudes need to
be around crazy.
Girls need
to be around really nice people.
You gravitate towards him.
You need to be around people or manipulative.
So you see what it feels like.
That's like the training wheels of life when you're going to school,
the training wheels of social interaction and in an unrestricted group,
or at least unmonitored group,
when kids get together and giant groups and they're 14 they're there somewhere.
No,
they learn who the fuck they are.
You learn who you really are,
who you're pretending to be.
You,
you know,
the interaction between men and women and people attracted to each other.
The rejection that you experienced that way for the first time or the acceptance
and the,
the addiction of a relationship,
you need to experience that for the first time.
Right.
And then the social dynamic of doing that and school and all the different,
are you in with this click or that click and these people are cool where these
people are not,
you know,
that's,
that's a massive part of uh,
becoming a human being.
Yeah.
I just don't think you got to do it.
And I mean,
I think public schools are,
I don't know,
I,
you know,
some places public schools are bad,
but if you're like boulder,
Colorado public schools are not bad.
Is this places in this country with,
it's still have good public schools.
Yeah,
La.
Yeah.
I went to a public school.
It's fine.
I went to public school too.
I went to Newton south where I went to high school still to this day.
He's a good post.
I still remember that stink at the cafeteria.
Oh,
you know,
I mean look,
there's,
it's not the best thing.
And remember that old smell,
our cafeteria in high school had pizza hut and shit like that.
It was great guys.
Damn.
How did you have that
cake with spaghetti sauce on it.
We have those weird
cheeseburgers.
It seemed like they were all punched out in one cube.
Like it was like the cheese and the bond that we're all one thing.
We were almost like baked in together.
It never felt like a bond that was and it was always wrapped in aluminum foil
and you get it and just squirt a lot of ketchup and mustard and that thing to
give it some flavor.
How much did your meal cost?
My ours was a dollar 25 yeah.
And there was this humiliating thing before you would go to the lunch room where
the poor kids would have to get the,
you get cards based on what your parents had paid.
So it's like a cards and then the poor kids in front of everybody,
you have to get the cards,
you know,
so that they have to,
so everybody knows they can't pay.
There are so poor,
they can't pay a dollar 25 for this in front of everyone.
Yeah.
That's fucked up,
man.
That is fucked up.
And that's a,
uh,
that's just one little piece of what public schools do.
And I agree with you,
man.
Kids need to interact.
People need to interact,
people need to play games and interact socially.
But sometimes the way the interaction happens in public schools is brutal,
vicious,
terrible.
And I think ultimately very destructive for certain kids.
I think it certainly can be.
Yeah.
And I,
and,
and unregulate cause the,
a lot of these teachers,
man,
they're fucking assholes.
And they believe that kids,
you know,
some teachers might do,
when I was in school,
there was still corporal punishment.
Kids would get paddled in the hallway.
I remember that.
So kid had paddled once.
I got paddle when I live in Florida.
So think about that.
So you,
your,
your kid legally has to go to this facility where a stranger that said,
um,
gets to hit them now that is fucking crazy and fucking pissed when she found out
that she was so mad because a,
it was just me and this boy got in an altercation.
I don't even know.
I think we hit each other.
We like push each other around or something like that.
And they sent us both to the principal's office and we got paddled handled as an
m style,
like with a,
yeah,
it was a big,
like a,
like a squash power or something.
Yeah.
Hurting you.
They're hurting you and humiliating you,
teaching you that.
If you don't bow down to authority than they can hit you legally.
Fuck that man.
That is,
and it's state sponsored.
You have to go there.
They bus you in on these weird fucking vehicles.
It's not the,
you know,
I think that it's necessary for people to be around each other.
But fucking public schools,
man,
when did they stop the paddling thing?
I remember that in elementary school,
but then I didn't,
it just seemed like a,
they stopped doing it maybe around that time.
I don't know.
He just gradually phased it out.
Yeah.
I think people just got really furious about the idea,
especially when people realize how bad it is to hit kids.
I had a friend,
Eric Norman,
when he,
and he was always getting into trouble and when he would get paddled,
which was an inevitability,
they take them in the hallway and he didn't tensional he scream as loud as he
could at the top of his lungs.
He'd be sitting there and you'd hear this like,
I mean it sounded like someone was getting beheaded,
but he,
it wasn't really hurt.
He was just doing it I think,
for the show.
But I don't know,
man.
That's pretty brutal.
The show.
Yeah.
No,
he's doing that because he knew it was upsetting to the teacher,
you know,
cause he naturally kind of cool.
It was pretty smart.
Yeah.
I thought it was really disgusting.
Kids were always puking.
I remember that man that was a big part of public schools inevitably walking
down the hallway and somewhat scattered the puke dust,
many meant shit.
That's like a mint mixed with fucking throw up.
You know,
I told you that stuff,
um,
that uh,
that smell that you would get when you would go outside.
I would got cure to that from fear factor,
but you could throw up right in front of me.
It doesn't bother me at all.
The went away completely.
But when I was in high school,
if someone threw up in the hallway,
I was done.
I couldn't,
I couldn't hold it in.
I would just start throwing up in my mouth.
It's a lunatic asylum man.
And then think about how they are making you sit in a fucking chair and they're
telling you Christopher Columbus,
he's a wonderful man.
I don't remember what they told us about Christopher Columbus,
but I do remember that they were saying that he didn't really land in America.
Literally figured that out.
I was like,
what?
And they were like,
yeah,
you landed in like with The Bahamas or some shit like the West indies.
How about where he landed?
How about the pledge of allegiance?
How about that?
What else?
Fun Component of how it changed.
The pledge of allegiance changed.
It became undergone during the commie scare.
It used to be one nation indivisible with liberty and justice
for all,
and then it became one nation under God,
indivisible,
with liberty and justice for all.
It was a Christian cool.
In order to ward off that dirty communists as dirty Red Russians.
They want to take away your cigars,
but I really love that they,
when people,
there's a spacial relationship that fundamentalists have with God.
He's like lives in the top floor apartment and they're under God.
Isn't that a strange,
yeah.
It's like God,
God,
God doesn't say hang out down here.
This is kind of like the the,
I guess it's like a,
the fucking bad part of town or something.
He barely comes here.
He's above us.
Did it once and we didn't listen.
We didn't tell each other.
He told us to tell each other and we did a shit job of it.
And because of that suffer.
Oh yeah.
By the way,
because of Adam and eve suffer,
suffer,
live with sin.
Live cover your clothes,
your cover herself with calls.
You're naked.
You're disgusting.
That was because of two people 6,000 years ago.
We're all still fucked.
Yeah.
They fucked up.
They,
she that crazy bitch.
Eight the snake.
And it's always
apple.
We'd be happen.
Yeah.
If she's like,
oh,
I shouldn't eat the apple,
I should eat the apple.
She goes,
how about if I eat you stupid?
She figures out how to make fire and she cooks this snake over a stick.
Adam comes back.
Did you really Cameron yourself to show you so blowing yourself?
No,
I was doing deep throating this.
Now I know what you're doing.
Um,
the uh,
the,
the story is so ridiculous and that's the,
that is the story.
I mean that is,
well,
the literal translation of the story is ridiculous,
but what it's talking about isn't that ridiculous.
It's talking about the,
uh,
development of the neocortex so that people gained awareness of their,
of themselves.
You know,
that's what it's talking.
So eating of the apples,
developing the NEOCORTEX.
Yeah.
Eating of the apple is the thing where we go from background actors and nature
to foreground actors where we're separated from nature.
We don't now we're what now we're,
we don't,
we were individuals.
Cause when if you're an individual then that's when all the shame and feeling
weird about being naked comes from identifying yourself as a self.
You know,
that's when you start like paying it to,
you're paying attention to yourself.
If you want to start wearing clothes,
then what is the forbidden fruit represent?
Because the,
the,
you know,
if you want to go deep,
the um,
what the fuck's guy's name?
The guy that,
there was a guy who died,
who was it,
not to just the John Marco Allegro version of it,
but several other biblical scholars want to point to the fact that the Amanita
miscarry looks like an apple and that that represents the apple.
Sure.
I,
it could be.
I saw it's v I mean it seems like a Psychedelic,
doesn't it?
They say when you drink Iowasca,
you tend to see a serpent thing and uh,
you see a giant serpent and here's a serpent telling people eat of this fruit.
So it seems like it's this invitation from nature to wake up or do evolve
and could also just be incredibly shitty story that's being told down by people
were scared of snakes,
you know,
I don't think you're scary.
They fuck you up there?
I don't think so.
I think it's,
I think it's primitive.
I think it's a primitive story.
But I think symbolically a dude had an apple and he didn't want people eating
his apples and they said,
listen,
if you come near that motherfucker,
a snake's gonna get ya.
Yeah,
yeah.
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
Symbolically you said you think symbolically.
Yeah.
I think that that's some pretty,
I think it's,
you know,
mythology has got all,
not the symbols and mythology or if literally are always ridiculous,
but when you go to the deeper levels,
they're pretty interesting because there it's still the human mind trying to
make sense of this thing that we're in.
You know,
and it's,
and,
and people have always been smart.
It's just the symbols that they have to articulate their understanding of the
universe change from generation to generation.
Not only that,
it's incredibly difficult to decipher in an ancient language and figure out how
to represent that today.
Completely out of the cultural context of the times we were talking about
watching the twilight zone from 1963 puts you in that time.
It's like this weirdness about the way they communicate with each other,
the way the guys will lighting a cigarette on the plane,
the whole thing.
It's a time capsule.
Exactly.
And as is any biblical work,
any religious texts and even shittier version of it cause it's so hard.
It's so fascinating.
It's so interesting if you really stop to think about it that these people were
so involved in these thoughts.
They had to write them down back when they barely knew how to write anything
down.
If you look at cuneiform and those ancient Sumerian tablets,
that is some fascinating shit man.
Because it's just like lines that go this way and that way and down.
Yeah.
Like old school,
he nails.
You ever see an old house like an old New England house?
They,
when people do construction on those houses,
they'll pull them apart and they have these weird nails and the nails.
They don't look like the nails that we have today because they were all like
handmade.
Yeah.
Or with a press and melted into a thing and when the the nails were,
they were more like a like almost like all like an letter I without the dot on
the end of it.
It was like a weird looking nail.
Well that's what the cuneiform looks like.
It just looks like a bunch of nails like this way,
nails and that way,
nails and you got to figure out what the fuck that means.
And translated into modern day English.
Yeah,
that's nuts.
It's impossible for us to really grasp what's in the Dead Sea scrolls when
they're talking about reading Aramaic that was written on animal skins and
hidden in caves in Qumran.
God knows when,
literally,
and they find these things thousands of years older than any version of the
Bible that we,
you know,
have ever read before.
I think it's like a thousand years old,
older than the oldest versions of some of these stories.
Yeah.
There.
You know,
what was that lifelike men that was a car that was a bizarre life.
And where were our brains?
How much,
you know,
because we do know that the human brain evolves.
The human brain has developed.
How much does,
uh,
how thousand 5,000 years ago,
how similar to the way brains are now.
We're brains then.
You know,
we,
we know that just in medieval times,
people,
people were much smaller than they are now because of nutritional deficiencies.
What were their brains like?
Well,
they're saying that our brains are actually shrinking.
Um,
this is an interesting thing.
Uh,
the,
it's in discover magazine,
they're talking about how,
um,
there's leading theories about why human brains have,
uh,
become,
become smaller since the stone age.
And here's something cool for all you people that hate apple.
My,
my browser is crashed.
So it was like fuck,
fuck.
And to use a PC Dunkin's gun gun PC.
By the way,
I have gone PC.
I'm born again.
Pieces like apple or others.
No,
it's not.
I don't like apple.
It's just I like being free to use any kind of software.
I don't want to be sucked into something.
Any kind of sashes,
techno pit.
Steve Jobs is dancing with Jesus anyway.
You sound like a Tom Mccormick.
He says that shit too.
We're going to figure out that like the apple back in the day was actually apple
and then like the tablets were actually I pads and all this shit like that.
No,
we're not.
No.
You know when your job's just created this whole entire room,
Steve Jobs is God.
Yeah.
He totally,
Oh,
here's my issue.
Ready for this.
Here's my beautiful issue.
Flash has crashed.
Yeah.
He shift saw that coming.
Wait,
where are you getting flashed on?
I usually home Google chrome,
so it was a Google sad,
sad,
and it's not even a Google thing.
It's just flash itself.
I still like apple man,
but my experience with this new PC I,
it's,
it's so amazing.
It's just so amazing.
What's so amazing about it?
Video Games.
He's just talking about video.
I want to say that's not the case.
Well,
I told them,
wait till you get to the first virus.
Wait to get your first virus and you send everyone,
you know ads to get condoms at a discount.
Yeah,
I already got one of those.
You've got a virus.
I got a virus in apple.
Did you really got some kind of thing?
I sent my dad like some ad for vacuum cleaners or do you have a hotmail or Gmail
email?
Yeah.
You got hacked son.
I got hacked.
Yeah.
Look,
I know there's dangerous,
but guess what?
There's dangerous and all great endeavors.
I don't need,
I don't need Steve jobs to wrap his fucking nerf around my experience of the
Internet.
I want to be able to fuck up my machine.
Wow.
Well,
you say that before you lose your first manuscript.
I'm not going to do something.
What if you're writing something brilliant and that gets eaten up?
It's in my,
it's in the cloud or somebody hacks in your easily hackable computer and it
turns on your Webcam and records everything you do at night and sells it as a
podcast.
I promise you,
you can already imagine what that is.
It's me dumb Lee staring into the computer
drinking beer,
a string of drool running down my face is,
I pretend to be a fantasy warrior,
so it started off the number one game that you play now.
Do you play starcraft?
Oh really?
I'm over.
I've been humiliated by star calls because so many levels I'll never play again.
I failed the creator.
A creator of a venture time kicked your ass.
I heard Neil Neil.
He was the first game that we played.
He shocked me.
Pendleton Ward sharked me.
He acted like he hadn't played star craft,
so I was just fucking around and he did.
He did a ridiculous mutualist Grush and expanded as basis to the point where
there is no way that I could overcome as the economy.
You're such a Dork.
Second,
the second,
our second bat battle,
which is on line,
you can watch it.
I destroyed him and humiliated him is on twitch or something like that.
Or twitch TV or it's on twitch TV.
Actually watched a little bit of it.
That was fun.
You watch the actual contest itself?
No,
it,
that's when you really a loser.
You're not even playing a video game.
You're watching Dunkin playbook.
We love watching people play video,
man.
No,
we got,
we had a professional starcraft commentator who commentate for us and he was
just like rolling his eyes the whole time.
Like,
what are you a terrible,
we are terrible.
So it's a very sarcastic,
it's like you doing UFC commentary.
If me and Ari started wrestling,
it's like that.
I would be very enthusiastic about that.
I'm a professional.
I'm a professional man.
Well he,
he um,
he definitely should have.
The way he cast it was funny and it was good.
Yeah.
There's a bunch of comics fighting next Sunday.
Russell pewters.
Oh yeah.
What does that about?
Those guys are going to get hurt.
Yeah,
they have like boom,
Shaka Laka.
[inaudible] going to have actual fights.
Joshua,
where boxing matches.
It's at a gym here.
I'll find out,
but it's a,
yeah,
it's,
it's actually going to be funny.
PJ's fighting.
Oh God.
Just fighting a date.
That one guy that has the date cerebral palsy.
That's so wrong.
Lord of the flies,
man.
How can you have a guy with cerebral palsy box?
Have you ever heard PJ cough,
coughing fit?
You can move for a couple seconds and hit that guy.
All you have to do is hit them.
Once you guys get cerebral palsy.
It's so fucked up.
It's really fucked up.
That's so wrong.
I'm not even,
I don't even want to talk about,
don't.
We'll talk about that.
You guys are going to start.
I didn't know that they were going to do that.
I don't know they were going to do that.
I don't want to be a part of the Mondays on junk.
I don't care.
I don't want it.
I think that's fucked up.
I didn't know they were doing that.
That shit's ridiculous.
Well,
stop talking about it.
I have to to Russell and see what
the fuck he's thinking.
He's crazy.
If that's true.
Davies strong man.
He's been in a lot of fights
and actually I think he's going to beat Pj.
Dude,
a guy with cerebral palsy.
You shouldn't be fighting somebody.
It doesn't already have a problem with his brain of theirs.
There's a possibility that he can get hit.
It's really too nervous system.
Right.
The thing,
man,
Guy was the center of your nervous system.
To me it doesn't sound appealing,
but if a guy with cerebral palsy wants to fight,
he gets to fight.
You know,
I,
I'm sure that he's making the decision himself.
He's like people rebo palsy or they have,
they're thinking it's fine.
They just have this unfortunate,
um,
disability.
So if he wants to fight,
he should be allowed to fight.
You know,
it's kind of empowering in a weird way though.
I wouldn't want to watch it and I,
I wouldn't want to watch it.
I just think it's,
I just think it's not right to explore the guy if he wants to go do it on his
own.
But to offer him like some sort of a situation where this is occurring for
someone to do that I think is,
it's probably he probably wants to do it.
I bet he does.
I mean,
but whatever.
I wouldn't want to be a part of it.
I wouldn't want to be a part of it either,
but I wouldn't want to tell.
I mean,
then again,
what if he was super enthusiastic about it?
I don't really know about training and everything.
You can train if you have cerebral palsy.
He's fine.
He walks a fine.
Brian's a doctor.
The only thing he does is,
you know,
he has that little,
like when he walks he has like kind of little like kind of thing like that.
But I mean he,
you know,
he was normal.
Look,
if I,
if I had cerebral palsy,
I would want it to be able to fight if I wanted to fight,
that's for sure.
But,
uh,
I wouldn't,
I don't know.
He's cool.
I love that guy.
Yeah.
He's a nice guy.
Funny too also.
Well,
I hate to see somebody like that.
I hate to see somebody who can't move correctly,
you know,
get involved in something that can get them hurt.
But it's like the whole idea of a combat sports,
whether it's boxing or something,
it's being able to move your body correctly.
Otherwise it's not really fair.
I don't know exactly how cerebral palsy ails you,
so maybe I'm talking out of my ass,
but it seems like a,
it wouldn't be a great fucking idea.
Yeah.
You just have more,
probably more familiarity with what damage can happen to a person and a fight.
How about death?
Yeah,
I mean they have people who can pretty big gloves on.
That means nothing.
The women,
a woman,
uh,
who was,
a father or a mother of,
um,
uh,
at least one child died recently at a tough woman contest.
She didn't have any money.
She stepped in big giant pillow,
gloves,
got knocked out and died.
It happens,
it fucking happens.
And I'm sure the woman who killed her probably doesn't hit as hard as PJ.
Weird Shit happens to the human body when it gets hit.
You Fall,
you hit your head on the ground,
you can get knocked out by a punch.
It's not even that hard and fall and bang your head off the ground and die.
It happens all the time.
All the time.
And when you're talking about a boxer dying,
what's been a long time since boxers have died because they're really good at
stopping fights.
They're really good at doing cat scans and all these different Mris to make sure
that you're safe before you go in there.
And they found a bunch of things doing that.
Athletic commissions have found during their examinations.
They found like,
like blood clots that have ended guys' careers because they didn't even know
they had them in there.
And if they burst it would be an aneurysm.
This is like real issues that people have found.
So to take these guys and just throw them in there without any proper physical
examination to me is ridiculous.
Yeah,
you're right.
That's dangerous.
They're very fragile people.
These are not like robust,
healthy people.
My,
my,
I had a roommate once who,
uh,
whose brother went to jail because he punched the guy in front of a bar and the
guy fell backwards,
hit his head on the concrete and died right there.
Shattered his little bird shella head.
Wow.
Yeah.
It can happen,
man.
It most certainly can happen and most certainly can happen.
There's just no doubt about it.
If you get hit and you fall down.
It happened to a guy that Kevin James used to work with.
He was a bouncer in Long Island and the guy hit a guy,
guy falls back,
bangs his head off the concrete and that's it.
I hate that.
And fight videos.
When you see the fuck,
did you see that fight video,
uh,
where the guy actually knocks the guy down then runs backwards and jumps on his
head?
No.
Oh,
it's nasty,
man.
It's nasty.
I don't even want to see it.
I've seen so many horrible things that people have done to each other on the
Internet.
I mean,
if you watch enough of that world star hip hop,
there's a certain point in time where you're just give up on people.
There's,
there's so many times where guys got knocked out in these videos and then people
just take shots at them while they're out cold,
like random people run up and kick him in the head and not just one.
I mean many,
many,
many people do it.
There's this one guy who got fucking pounded on.
It was horrific.
People just,
everybody just took turns running over to this guy and kicking him in the head
and you're watching this video of just miss and you would like what creates a
human being so cruel?
What creates a human being that's just seeking to hurt?
Like that hurt just some random person.
This guy gets the green light,
stomp,
kick,
punch.
I mean it's horrific shit man.
What do you think creates a human being?
Has to be the way they're developed,
the way they're,
they're growing up,
the way the,
the what they're exposed to as children.
It has to be what they're exposed to in high school and what,
how much love do they have in their community,
how much,
how much hatred and anger,
how much danger is there and everyday life for them.
It seems to be incredibly high.
That's the only way you could imagine that someone would be doing something
openly and wantonly so cruel knowing that it will be embraced by all the people
around him.
It wasn't like one person kicked the guy while he was down and everybody jumped.
That guy,
no,
everybody went,
you got knocked the fuck out
and they run around and punch and kick and and they know that they're going to
be accepted by their peers.
All the people that are around them or allowing them to do this freely.
No one has stepped up for humanity because they haven't experienced it.
They don't even know humanity.
They know a hard scrabble world fucked up people,
drug addicts and drug dealers and criminals and poverty and lies and rape and
that's all they know.
They you what it,
what it is is they are reacting to anger and they're reacting to anger and they,
they have an ethic,
whoever it is.
Many people have the ethic of one upping the other person they want to one up.
You know what I'm saying?
It's a vengeance ethic.
People have a vengeance ethic where you know that thing where you get in an
argument with somebody and you say some particularly cutting thing and then you
walk away and for a second year egos like you really got them.
They're going to be wincing now that that part of yourself.
People live in that state constantly where when they move through the world,
they're always trying to hurt and to get a one up on another person.
It's that always one.
It's not being able to let go of anger.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
Oh,
I've had huge problems with that in my life.
Me Too.
Well,
me in particular because I developed as a high school person,
I went from being someone who was incredibly insecure and very nervous about
just social interaction.
Very,
very,
I did not feel like a worthy,
worthwhile person to becoming obsessed with martial arts too.
Most of my high school time and well into my early twenties was spent constantly
fighting,
constantly going to tournament's,
constantly competing in this really high level,
high stressful situation.
So I got to see this,
this benefit of having this explosive side of me that I could just turn on.
I literally developed being the one who was willing to embrace violence at a
moment's notice,
knowing if it's coming,
if something happens,
I gotta be ready right now.
So I was always ready to go because my mind had me programmed like in order to
be successful that I was always ready to go so I would have a real problem,
not escalating things because I was always like I,
yes,
I,
there was an eventuality to escalation that I had already come to grips with
that maybe other people were like two or three steps away from,
but I was there immediately and I wasn't,
didn't want to let it go and it's bad.
It's a bad aspect of my personality.
That was mainly based on developing as a person and as a,
a person who just began to respect myself through competition.
So if I felt like it was a competition,
any kind of competition,
they sort of social competition,
I was like fuck you,
I wanted to take it to,
you know,
def con four and wanting to win.
Yeah.
And it's that desire to win.
It's that weird desire.
It's not,
it's fun to win.
That's fine.
Nothing wrong with winning,
but it's that desire to always be
the victor to always win.
That is a poisonous,
poisonous aspect of the self.
And when you start wetting yourself,
lose,
you know,
arguments in particular,
if someone's mad at you and they're saying shitty things to you instead of like
trying to one up them with some shitty your thing,
this is something I'm working on,
we'll hear about even better.
Don't even participate in it.
Yeah.
That's the best part.
If someone look,
I have been,
I'm the last person to talk about talking shit to people.
There's a hundred videos online you could find if me talking shit to people.
For the most part though,
I rarely ever do it.
There just happens to be videos of it.
So if you add it up,
and I'm way less active at it today than ever before,
but what I tried to do always is just get out of it and I don't,
the last thing I want to do at this point in my life is hurt someone's feelings.
If I think they'll laugh,
I'll say something fucked up like at a comedy show.
If someone had goals,
I'll say something fucked up.
But I'm hoping they're laughing at it.
I don't want anybody to get their feelings hurt.
No,
I don't think you're like that man.
But I think that all of us at one point were like that and have been like that.
Yeah.
And you know what?
An interesting thing that you said once that I think is really important.
I'm going to remind you of it.
You said that you are not the guy that you are.
When you're angry,
you're not the guy.
Like,
it's not just because you did something stupid wants or said something he
shouldn't have said or been mean once.
It doesn't mean you're a mean guy and people try to define you by one action or
by one one behavior that you exhibited and they'll try to define you forever by
that.
And it's,
it's a,
it's a weird thing that we do to each other.
It's almost like,
no,
you lost.
Yeah,
it's a form of competition.
I got the score right there.
You said this,
you shouldn't have said that because you know,
I feel about this news and there's no,
you know,
there's almost a no compromise situation there.
Yeah.
Well that's that same thing man.
That's that thing of like wanting to win.
Like I was,
I went to eat dinner at this bar and I was sitting next to this lady and you
know how like sometimes you're sitting next to somebody and you can tell they
have some,
they,
they're,
they're having a problem in life or something.
You,
you either kind of looking for help.
Sometimes they get around people and you can just feel it.
They,
they're lost or they want something and like I'm just sitting there eating and
she starts talking to me.
Right.
And then right away she's goes into talking about how her sister was getting
married and her sister invited her up to big Sur to go to the wedding and got
there and there was nowhere to stay.
And her sister,
her steps or her sister in law's a bitch.
That was the story she was telling.
But you're looking at someone who's like caught.
That's just one little piece of the puzzle for them.
They are locked into this world view of fighting.
They're constantly on the offensive,
trying to like poke back at the world and that's the one little symbol of a
thing that she could,
she,
she could give me,
but then she said something shitty to the bartender and then she likes said
something Shitty to somebody out.
I was like,
oh this person's just going through the world trying to shank every living part
of the world.
She wants to cut and Shank and hurt.
She's shut down.
But inside of her,
cause I,
that's what I recognize.
I'm like,
shit,
this is like an sometimes the cruelest sort of person is someone who started off
trying to be nice and then got shut down for being nice sometimes.
Yeah.
And I could see all this used to be a very sweet,
nice person.
So I said to her,
you know what you should start doing,
you should start doing like service work or missionary work.
And she's like,
I used to do that.
I spent years doing that and she was,
and it was like I could see that part of her,
you know?
And then I could see she thought that by doing good things in the world,
she should get some reward for it,
but instead of getting a reward for it,
she got hurt,
whatever it was that happened during the course of her serving the universe,
she got less of what she wanted or didn't get what she expected.
And because of that,
she's like,
fuck it,
I'm going to be a bitch from now on because I tried to be good and I got
punished for it.
Hi,
my wife has a friend that's religious and her and her friend,
um,
her and this other friend were um,
going to,
uh,
this woman in her other friend.
We're going to,
uh,
get like a real estate license and uh,
she didn't get it and she passed.
She failed her test,
but her friend passed and she was complaining about it and the,
what she was complaining about,
she goes,
I don't get it.
I am a good person.
Yes.
Why didn't you know,
why didn't God hooked me up with this?
She literally said that.
That's it
right there.
See,
that is the great fallacy of being a good person is the moment you start doing
it,
being a good person as a job,
and you're supposed to get these fortune paychecks from the universe in the form
of locker,
good things coming to you.
That's the moment you fail.
You fail.
You really have to resign yourself to the idea that mostly if you're being nice
to people,
they're going to hurt you.
But how about the hypocrisy of not thinking that God perhaps has a message to
the millionaire that you have to work to pass your real estate license so that
you can go make more money from overvalued houses?
Yeah.
By the way,
right before the subprime mortgage crisis,
it's hilarious.
Like why doesn't,
why didn't God reward me?
Like as if you wouldn't think that God is brilliant and God has a plan,
you wouldn't ordinarily go,
well God must be telling me something.
Which,
you know,
people who are legitimately Christian and benefit from that ideology can do.
They can,
they can decide that it works for them and they can see that God has a plan and
any form of adversity that they encounter,
it's just God's setting them up so that they can figure out what's,
what's to be done with that.
That's the book of job is all about
no job.
You know the story of Joe.
Yes.
Job.
For those of you don't know,
summary of the book of job.
Job is like this great servant of God.
Satan bets with God.
Hey,
I bet I can him,
um,
do horrible things or not be your servant or so it's a really shit bet and God's
like,
sure,
whatever,
do your best.
And so like job's kids,
I don't know.
I don't remember from there there he's kids like get eaten or get set on.
They get skin,
he's job,
gets a skin disease.
He's like,
you know,
just like basically gets completely fucked up and he's like supposed to be this,
the ultimate servant of God.
And the idea behind it is like,
no,
you don't understand.
This is like the God that made tigers and cyclones and tornadoes with the fuck.
Do you think you think you can comprehend what's happening?
The movement of this is the thing that made the big bang happened,
asshole.
You think it can evaporate your sons if it feels like it.
You're applying your little ant logic to the thing.
Guess what?
You were just some little thing crawling on the window.
I decided to spray you with Windex.
Big Deal.
You don't understand the true ethics of the world.
So it sounds this
phrasing from ancient Hebrew to Latin to Greek too.
Yeah,
yeah.
Hipster,
the hipster taught.
But the uh,
the whole point,
I really loved the whole point of the thing because it's like if you drop the
luggage that contains the idea that from being kind,
you deserve something back.
It's such a big relief man.
Cause then when you start doing things for people,
you're not doing them with some expectation of a roots.
Well isn't that what most of us do with our lives?
It's sort of a form of prostitution.
We're doing something for money,
trying to get money and that's why we put in the effort or we're trying to get
something out of it.
And that's why we put in the effort when we don't get what we wanted.
And we'd been worshiping God all this time and I still didn't get my real estate
license.
You,
you feel like you got gypped.
I shouldn't say gyp.
Gypsies don't like that.
If you want to use the gun,
if you can say Jude,
you can,
you can't say jipped.
No,
you shouldn't say gypped.
Like you shouldn't say Jude,
are you shitting me?
I said,
Jude all the time when I was a kid.
And then one time my friend Brian,
it was pretty much a hothead,
but uh,
but he was right and he goes,
he goes,
you know how,
how racist that is that you said that?
And I was like,
you know what it is.
It is.
I said,
Julia down is racist.
I go,
he's gonna try to Jew you down the price.
And then I realized,
I was like,
wow.
I didn't even think about it because it was just like everybody said it.
Even Jews said it.
Like my Jewish friends,
we'll crack the most Jewish jokes the most,
like,
you know,
look,
I'm a Jew,
all jewelry out of it,
especially our Jewish friends who were all comics.
I just use the word shift,
feared now shift fear.
It's better.
And ours is not cheap at all.
What are you talking about?
What you think are,
he's cheap.
Yes he is.
Why do you say that?
He's always like penny pinching.
No,
no,
no.
You did wrong.
You're dead wrong.
He's not cheap.
He's smart with his money.
Ari Smart with his money.
Ari has a budget and he stays within his budget.
That's not
did an RFI TV red band didn't already give you like a big TV for designing is a
website.
I remember walking into your house and you had some kind of huge
TV or something.
I thought our aid given them to you.
Oh,
I must've been confused.
Or high.
Yeah,
I must have been high.
But when whatever,
always on a budget or was on a budget.
He's balling now living in New York City.
He's bi coastal,
asexual.
He's a great,
no,
he's not anymore.
He's a grown man.
That's,
that's funny to people.
Why aren't why except bisexual?
She was like,
fuck you man.
I'm fucking tired of the homophobia on the Joe Rogan experience.
We spent the first 30 episodes talking about big Blackhawks fan.
The homophobia is,
it's just a balancing act.
We're just still trying to right the wrongs of the early days.
Um,
if you rewatched you claim lately,
I don't want to watch any of that stuff.
I move on recently watched it chew that Shit.
Especially the part where he's just showing us his balls and zero fucks.
She didn't care that he'll just show you his butt hole.
He doesn't care at all.
He's free.
He's a free man.
Unless he's at the airport.
Yeah,
he gives no fucks.
Well,
you know what?
He's living life like a real comedian.
I mean,
that's what he's doing.
He's out there trying to be a standup.
Hari Krishna.
Ari Shaffir.
We love you.
Yeah.
So,
uh,
somebody reported that John McAfee died of from cocaine at a hotel in New York
City lies.
So just so everybody knows lies.
He's alive.
Yes.
It's a lie.
Have you watched any of that's insane.
Yeah,
they're funny.
That's insane.
But here's something way more insane.
Way More insane though.
This is a Fox News anchor.
Okay.
His name is Neil Cavuto.
You ever seen that guy?
No.
Okay.
He looks like he looks like your typical American with a bad diet.
Who Loves God?
Let me look him up real quick,
right Neil?
Anyway,
sure.
He's a nice guy.
But one of the things that he said he asked viewers to consider if bombing Syria
is a harbinger harbinger of the second.
I never say that word.
I only read it harbinger of the second coming of Christ.
Dude,
he asked on TV if you would consider if bombing Syria is a harbinger of the
second coming of Christ.
Like you have to ask this.
It's a harbinger.
This is his quote.
The serious stuff is way old.
Kabuto explained.
I mean,
Old Testament old.
That's how old I'm talking about.
Don't laugh,
don't laugh.
He says that he's,
if he's preparing us,
don't laugh.
Oh,
I was Gunna,
you called it though.
You call it you called.
Don't laugh.
Um,
yeah.
He said,
don't laugh.
Some biblical scholars say it's all there in black and white.
Sure.
Oh,
do they really?
They say that.
That's what they say.
Hey,
biblical scholar.
What do you think about Syria?
It's all there in black and white.
That's why.
All right.
Surya,
black and white,
Neil covered.
Uh Oh God.
He's so crazy.
He invited author Joel Rosenberg to weigh in on the link between the Syrian
conflict and the Bible passage,
which he said were uncanny and kind of scary.
What are the passages?
Let's here.
These are prophecies more than 2,700 years old.
Some of them,
but they have not actually been fulfilled.
Rosenberg said,
oh,
well isn't that funny?
You could just make a prophecy and one day trust me,
like they haven't been fulfilled.
This could be it.
Yeah.
This can be the one.
Hey,
what about this?
The Rosenbergs hazards could be the one that can be the one.
Let me tell you something,
man.
Once we get that temple where it belongs,
the new temple rise,
which is such goobers,
they're just such dorks and goobers.
Well,
we're going to be fascinating though.
If the reason why ancient civilization is based in the Middle East is because
they've always had the most oil.
And we've just known about that and forgotten it throughout human history.
Like maybe they found oil thousands and thousands of years before we thought
they did.
Do you want to hear the apocalyptic verse,
my friend?
Sure.
So this is from Isaiah 17 one.
How do you know that's it?
Uh,
it's,
I looked up Syria apocalypse.
The burden of Damascus.
Behold,
yeah.
Damascus is taken away from being a city and it shall be a ruinous
heap.
Isaiah 17 one apparently Damascus is Syria.
There's another one.
Jeremiah 49 says that people will flee,
but there will still be people in Damascus when the prophecy happens.
So the bottom line is that we don't know if these two prophecies,
Isaiah 17 in Jeremiah 49 will happen in our lifetime or soon.
But they could happen because they haven't happened yet.
Listen to that.
They could have them because they haven't happened yet.
Well,
that's,
that makes sense,
man.
That shit gives me the creeps though,
That's creepy.
Because if you do think about it,
it's like,
okay,
worst case scenario,
uh,
Obama blasts and Hellfire missiles into Syria and for whatever reason,
Russia and China decided to retaliate.
Then we have world war three.
It.
What do they do?
They bomb Hawaii.
What do you think they do?
What?
What do they do?
Something like that.
Attack.
They attack Israel.
They just blast Israel with Sarah and gas.
Just fucking,
oh,
you're,
you know the,
basically the idea is they decide,
let's just let the configuration happen.
Let's roll the dice and see what's left and then whatever's left.
That's the world we're going to be living in.
But that,
so it's,
I mean,
I'm obviously biblical prophecy.
Who the fuck knows,
but I don't need it.
God Damn old dusty scrolled as tell that it ain't a good thing.
What's really fucked up about biblical prophecy when it comes to like,
uh,
the apocalyptic stuff.
Yeah.
A lot of it takes place in the area where the shit is going down.
I mean there is kind of fucked up when you think about like Israel and the
Middle East and all this shit that's in the Bible.
Well,
Israel is a state wasn't even created to,
was I 1947?
Is that what it is?
It was Palestine before then,
but it was Israel before that.
Yeah.
The,
the,
the earth itself like has like a place where the conflict oriented the tumor,
that's the brain tumor and,
and,
and yeah,
it's nice.
That's where every,
that's where the knot is tightening every single day.
And ironically,
that's where it all started.
Yeah.
I mean when they talk about human beings and ironically,
oh,
is it a rock?
Sorry.
Yeah,
right.
Well I rack is the big one.
Right?
That's like where Merrill was.
Uh,
yeah man.
And it's to that.
So I don't like,
I don't really understand why Obama wants to bomb those people because it's an
interesting thing when you consider if you slowed down,
what happens when you blow someone up with a conventional weapon to like a five
hour period.
So there are so some bomb that you could drop on.
People are a weapon that you could disperse that over the course of five hours
caused your body to gradually separate from itself and incinerate at the same
time.
That would be an illegal weapon.
Yes.
But because bombs work instantaneously,
somehow they are less brutal than the serin gas,
which is awful.
But what's his name?
Neil degrasse Tyson.
He tweeted,
just so you guys know,
all bombs or chemical weapons,
they're all like the instability of chemicals.
And I think that's a very smart point to make,
which is that if you damn this one thing is like,
oh,
this monster is way of killing people versus this other way of killing people,
which happens instantaneous lease.
You don't have to slowly watch them char and incinerate and watch their arm
gradually break and bones shatter into the air.
There's a study from Columbia law school's human rights institute to find the
number of Pakistani civilians killed by drone strikes.
So here then what they said is they have been significantly and consistently
underestimated.
What do you think the number,
the percentage of civilians killed by drone strikes are?
Fuck,
I have no idea,
man.
I don't take again,
I don't want to know.
He's like say tannic prices,
right?
Just take a guess.
1200 no,
no,
no.
The percentage.
What's the percentage of people that are civilians?
Oh,
98% 98 wow.
Yup.
The actual innocence that were killed by at of all the drone attacks,
98% of the people died were innocent.
Yeah.
And that's such,
so that's why it's really a spooky thing when Obama,
you know,
takes this like stance against these chemical weapons when it's like,
well,
killing people to listen to this man.
This is,
this is insane.
Obama has authorized 193 drone strikes in Pakistan,
four times the amount authorized by George W.
Bush.
According to research
over the past four years,
Obama has authorized attacks in Pakistan which have killed more than 800
innocent civilians and just 22 al Qaeda officers,
800 800800800 people.
That is a lot of people.
That's incredible.
Two sold out shows that a our improv on the road,
that means 36 civilians per target were killed.
That's incredible man.
They have a list of all these people on this website.
Everyone who's been killed by a drone that was a civilian and it's fucking dark
man,
but doesn't it seem like we're not going to bomb Syria?
Joe Isn't this new thing that like,
oh,
after realizing that the public was sick of their idiotic wars and realizing
that the house is probably going to vote against this war and recognizing that
no one on the planet wants to the war to happen,
the pope,
the new bad ass pope asked if the reason we're going to wars to sell weapons.
He asked that.
So like,
you know,
I think that the popular public opinion all over the planet is so against this
in every single way that they realize that this shit isn't working anymore.
And so they had to have a back door and he went and met with Putin and Putin is
like,
here's how we're going to get you out of your stupid,
Shitty,
dumb mess.
You know,
we're going to just take their chemical weapons away,
will be in charge of the deal.
You guys don't bomb Syria and we get to keep our strategic stronghold in the
Middle East that you assholes failed to take away from us with your crap policy.
Who,
I think that's what happened.
I think it's also Putin comes off looking reasonable and that's what's really
weird,
looking reasonable a bunch except for the,
uh,
making homosexuality illegal.
He's,
yeah.
What is that about?
Where you think that's coming from?
So bad shit place,
man.
It's coming from someplace wrong.
I don't know where,
but he's doing it and it's fucking wrong with Putin's just super good.
He's,
he's gotta be,
if you say that Brian,
no,
you don't know shit.
You're going to get us in trouble.
Stop it.
Can you get him?
Don't say that.
Can you get in trouble for saying Putin's Gal?
She came.
Who was,
want to hear that shit.
I'm sorry.
Bladimir Vladimir.
Yeah.
Listen,
my name is Joe Rogan.
This is my voice.
I don't think you guys are.
I just said it could be shut the fuck up.
Hive.
Mr Putin.
It's Duncan Trussell.
I want you to know,
I don't think you're gay.
Would love to go fishing with you.
I'd like to go swimming in a lake with you.
Stop arresting Gaze Mr Food and don't do that anymore.
It's what's the one thing that's fucking up your big plan?
Well,
there's a bunch of people who are threatening to out closeted politicians know
that have supported this,
uh,
this new legislature in Russia.
I just don't understand how it happens.
That seems to me it would be a really tough pill to swallow in 2013 and they're
going backwards and it's brutal and they're beating up gay people and just
fucked up shit over there,
man.
Fucked up shit.
Meanwhile,
they're the ones who are like letting you know,
a whistleblower giving him safe haven.
They're the ones who like apparently averted this
stupid brand new American war.
You know,
like it sucks.
I,
it's like you everything.
When I was a kid,
it was all just so black and white,
you know?
Now we're the ones who seem unreasonable and irrational and insane and that's
such a bummer,
man.
That's such a Shitty fucking bummer and history is going to wonder why we didn't
do more.
You know that that's a history is going to look back and wonder why the citizens
didn't do more to stop this shit.
Even though we,
we may have done enough to stop this from the public outcry from calling
constituents,
it might've actually worked,
I don't know.
I think Obama was about to give a speech today about this nonsense.
Yeah.
The,
the,
even CNN,
the front of it is like Obama's challenge convincing you on Syria now it's 0% of
the public thinks we should do it.
I haven't seen one person argue that we should attack Syria.
Literally,
my mom even said she didn't want to go to war and she was always backing up all
the other words.
I think people are just learning.
It's just we've been hoarse,
fucked for so many years now.
We've been horse fucks since 2001 I mean that's really hard to believe.
It's really hard to believe that it's been 12 years of horse fucking the whole
world's been horse fucked and at this point in time,
especially with this second term of this supposedly liberal and ordering drone
strikes like crazy threatening military action for this one.
Ambiguous,
straight.
I mean,
I don't know who the fuck caused that strike,
but I know Ron Paul says that it was a false flag.
Is Ron Paul,
right?
What the fuck do I know?
But if somebody wanted us to go to Syria for some other reason and they decided
to orchestrate and attack,
that would force the United States hand and to going into Syria.
Shit,
dude,
that's possible.
If you don't pay attention to history,
you might think it's not possible.
But if you do pay attention to history,
it's,
it's happened.
It happened with the Gulf of Tonkin,
it,
and then that was even Shaker.
It was even faker than this.
Well,
look from the Pov of,
uh,
some,
some are revolutionary fundamentalist Islamic,
uh,
person who's planning these attacks.
We know that,
uh,
a lot of people,
people who are fundamentalist Islamic,
what we call terrorists,
they don't have a problem putting dynamite in their body and blowing themselves
up.
So it's not beyond the Pale to think that in the scheme of things,
once they realized that they do a Sarah and attack,
it could possibly cause the United States to attack and unleash hell on Assad.
Well,
yeah,
that's a logical decision to make.
And why would a sod knowing that if he did a chemical attack,
it could cause the,
all the gains he's made in his shitty Goddamn a civil war to go away.
Why would he do that?
Doesn't make any sense.
And he see,
I don't,
he seems,
I think he's a vicious piece of shit from what I've read.
But he doesn't seem stupid.
And apparently he was already kind of winning that war as it were,
are making great advances,
you know,
so I don't know why suddenly he's like,
yeah,
release the gas,
the gas that will make it so that we get in at a super power to stop,
bomb,
start bombing us.
And who was he fighting against?
Isn't he finding against the Taliban?
Uh,
well it's a make fighting against al Qaeda.
It's not just al-Qaida,
it's a mixture.
From what I saw,
there was this,
uh,
I can't remember.
It was on,
it wasn't on scene and it was on one of these weird news channels.
It was just a conference with a,
uh,
analysts talking about what Syria,
what the revolution or the civil wars comprised of.
And it's not all al Qaeda and it's not all Taliban.
And it's not all,
it's different.
It's different groups.
Just in the same way,
if there was a revolution in the United States,
it wouldn't just be one group.
It wouldn't just be the tea party.
It would be anarchistic.
It would be,
uh,
you occupy wall streeters.
It would be environmentalist.
It would be fundamentalist Christians.
That's what a civil war really is,
is just this shattering of people into groups with one initial main goal,
which is get Assad out of power and then the next,
that's where revolution can really suck or a civil work and really suck because
then the thing collapses on itself and they all start attacking each other.
Did you see the John Kerry used a fake photo to fuel the Syrian war?
I heard him as to the photo of the bodies.
Yeah,
I heard about the,
this was the photo.
It's a photo from 2003 from the Iraq war of a little boy jumping over these
lines of bodies and he used that in a speech.
I'll try to beat the war drums.
How the fuck could he know or how could he not know rather that that's a bad
photo to use.
Yeah,
no shit,
man.
Of course he knew,
right?
How about McCain playing fucking video poker?
Yeah.
When they were talking about bugs,
these are thugs,
man.
They're,
they're talking about evaporating human beings and the guy so comfortable these
fucking playing video poker.
The only thing that he thinks we should go doesn't mean he was.
Yeah,
he loves war McCain's a big,
he's a big fan of war.
He think he supporting it,
right?
He supported like seven wars.
Yeah.
Oh hell yeah.
Here he comes.
This is the live.
Yeah,
look at him.
He has to walk down a red carpet.
How dramatic
my fellow Americans.
Hello President.
I don't want to talk to you about Syria.
Oh boy.
Why it matters and where we go from here.
Over the past two years,
what began as a series of peaceful protests against the repressive regime of
Bashar al Assad has turned into a brutal civil war.
Over a hundred thousand people have been killed.
Millions have fled the country,
and that time America's worked with allies to provide humanitarian support,
to help the moderate opposition and to shape a political settlement.
But I have resisted calls for military action because we cannot resolve someone
else's civil war through force,
particularly after a decade of war in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The situation profoundly changed though on August 21st when Assad's government
gassed to death over a thousand people,
including hundreds of children.
The images from this massacre are sickening.
Men,
women,
children,
lying and rose killed by poison gas.
Others foaming at the mouth,
gasping for breath,
father clutching his bed show,
imploring them to get up in the wall.
It's better to set them on fire
and gruesome detail.
The ticket,
my mixture of chemicals.
How crazy giving these images of father clutching his children like what do you
do?
Are you,
what do you,
are you an actor?
Like what's with the dramatic narrative of father clutching his children?
Babies could be your baby.
American Gis work on the many thousands killed by deadly gas in the trenches of
Europe.
In World War II,
the Nazis used gassed and flicked the horror of the Holocaust.
We must use fire,
not gas.
Fire use weapons can kill dude.
What the fuck?
They killed him.
Mass chill.
No distinction between soldier and infants like drones,
drones.
What about Hiroshima?
97 what about the 98% civilian rate?
Your drones have killed international agreement prohibiting the use of chemical
weapons.
We set him on fire.
It's the moral thing on governments.
Is there any international agreement that we shouldn't use drones because I
would think that that would be a bad thing to you.
It's to these basic rules were violated.
Oh Man.
Pong with our sense of common humanity of murder.
No one disputes that chemical weapons were used in Syria.
The world saw thousands of videos,
cell phone pictures,
and social media accounts from the attack and humanitarian organizations told
stories of hospitals packed with people who had symptoms of poison gas.
Moreover,
we know the Assad regime was responsible in the days leading up to August 21st
we know that Assad's chemical weapons personnel prepared for an attack near an
area where they mix serin gas.
Could you imagine they distributed gas mess to their trial.
Paranoid.
This dude gets it and they fired rockets from a regime concept area.
Fucking all the kids,
he's killed tap dance on his head.
All the kids.
That's just one part of it.
But just imagine all the conflict that he's engaged in mortal death con all over
the globe.
It's really gross,
man.
If you have to like work on your speech to tell people to go to war and kill it,
you don't want to hear what he says.
I don't hear it.
This shit,
but he says,
do you want to keep going on?
I just want to know if,
what if we're going to start bombing,
which start bombing.
He's going to start doing something.
I think he might say,
we're going to come.
I don't know.
Maybe listen to what he's saying.
There's commit atrocities.
They depend upon the world to look the other way and until those horrifying
pictures fade from memory,
what about us,
man,
but these things happened.
We burn,
we didn't fax cannot be denied.
The question now is what the United States of America and the international
community is prepared to do about it.
What do you mean France and Saudi Arabia?
What happened to those people?
To those children?
There's not only a violation of international law,
it's also a danger to our security.
Well,
it's cool that the bombs he's gonna drop aren't going to kill them.
Explain why they don't kill any kids.
Two magnets coming together.
They repel the Pumpkin made that actually repels innocence.
It's baby is the ban against these weapons roads.
Other tyrants will have no reason to think twice about acquiring poison gas and
using them cheese over time.
Your troops would again face the prospect.
Honestly,
if we don't attack Syria,
I'm going to get some poison gas organizations.
It's obtaining
fucking liberal Plessy spills beyond,
I knew poison gas pistol.
That is how someone who was a tea party,
Manchurian candidate would react.
They would be like,
you know,
Obama wants to be such a fucking pussy.
I had to teach this country lesson on my own because none of those terrorists
have the balls to fucking go after Americans to keep America strong.
I went after America and keep America strong.
Dude,
I can't listen to it man pitch.
I'm sure that is going to take a long ass time and then it's going to freak
everybody out and it's going to be the subject of discussion tomorrow.
Um,
I think it's very unfortunate that we live in this world and to listen to that,
to,
to think that he could be so free in talking about this sort of moralization is
in a word of warfare when we've killed so many fucking people.
It's just really hard to believe.
And those numbers that we read off about deaths,
those are just drones.
That's just drone deaths.
The 98% is just drone desks.
It doesn't even factor in how many innocent people were killed in the wars in
Afghanistan and Iraq.
But yeah,
and,
and again,
yeah,
it is the hypocrisy that it's okay to kill people with fire.
It's not okay to kill people with gas.
And this being s coming out of the mouth of man who regularly kills people with
fire.
Have you seen the video of the guys,
the rebels in the street and get hit by a missile now pull that shit up,
Brian.
They start screaming a lot of walk,
blah,
blah.
Walk Fire Gas,
which is search for madness.
Um,
how about Syrian rebels?
Hit with a bomb.
Maybe.
Let's see.
Syrian rebels
with bom.
Let me find out.
It's fucking madness.
It's a video.
Let's see.
Yeah,
Syrian rebels.
MMM
HM.
People are all listening to this speech right now,
man.
We should just be with Syrian rebels.
Almost hit by bomb.
Let them listen,
man.
This,
uh,
this is being recorded.
It'll be gone forever.
No,
that's not it.
There's one is one recent,
one of these guys in the street and there's bomb.
That's not that.
Our troops are coming home from Afghanistan,
Afghanistan under the Americans want all of us in Washington,
especially me to concentrate on the task of building our nation here at home.
But I have to kill people back to work.
Educating our kids.
Kids.
Oh God.
Demands blood.
Molik demands sacrifice.
I don't feed the owl God.
He comes to me and my dreams and if I don't participate in the sacrifice,
I won't get the mansion.
They have reserved a mansion for me on a hundred acres
constantly.
I've,
okay.
Yeah.
This is the one thrown of diamonds.
The throne.
One of diamonds.
Wait for me at the end of the black tunnel.
I must feed the owl.
God.
Yeah.
What the fuck man?
Really?
Is that what we've come?
Yeah.
That is it,
man.
Now what now?
Hmm?
The beep.
The Lord desires blood.
If you've,
he's so beautiful as words.
How do you spell,
I'll walk Bob.
Uh,
let me look at my tattoo.
90% of your butthole joke.
Rabo
great ground.
I can't find this fucking thing.
These guys,
Yo,
members of Congress have said there's no point in simply doing a pinprick strike
pinprick.
Yeah.
Oh nope.
I never end up in one of his pinprick strikes
the United States military doesn't do pinpricks.
We're just going to go down there and pinch people.
Limited stroke people's ears,
Saad,
even no other nation can deliver.
Yeah.
No,
other than he's talking about another dictator with force and we learned from a
rock.
The doing so makes us responsible for all that comes next though.
But if targeted strike can make Assad or any other dictator think twice before
using chemical weapons,
dictators are thinking about using chemical weapons right now.
Other questions involve the dangerous or retaliation.
We don't dismiss any threats,
but the Assad regime does not have the ability to seriously threatened our
military.
And the other,
any other retaliation they might seek is in line with threats that we face every
day.
So we're basically saying they're wheeler Assad nor his allies have any interest
in escalation that would lead to his demise and our ally.
Israel can defend itself with overwhelming force.
We just want to kick those guys unconscious kind of face the United States of
America.
Yeah.
What is,
what the fuck is that?
And asked
if we get involved at all in a place that's so complicated where there's one
person wrote to me,
those who come after Assad may be enemies of human rights.
You can write to Obama.
It's true that some of us are extremists.
He'll listen,
he'll change it.
I'll cut up,
will only draw strength in a more chaotic Syria.
If people there see the world doing nothing to prevent innocent civilians from
being gassed to death,
we burned them.
We don't gas.
The majority of the Syrian people and the Syrian opposition we work with,
just want to live in peace
and freedom.
And the day after any military action,
we would redouble our efforts to achieve a political solution that strengthens
those who reject the forces of tyranny and extremism.
Joe Biden beat me a poker.
He used to run Raytheon.
They sell how it,
how far muscles.
I mean,
listen to what he just said,
like what we're trying to stomp out is exactly what we're doing.
I mean,
the,
the massive amount of hypocrisy.
We should not be the world's policeman.
Okay.
We should be the world's dragon
and I have a deeply held preference for peaceful solution,
right?
Pull up this video.
Syrian soldiers,
my administrative hit Syrian rebels
by street crossing.
Wow.
Oh,
wait a minute.
That's not the one
I'm trying to find the right one.
Oh,
here it is.
Oh Damn.
And it doesn't have a,
it has a crazy Arab name to it.
Go back to this cosmopolitan poke.
The Russian ghost is the video,
your willingness to join if you could find it in pushing aside to give up his
chemical.
Wow.
Look at this video.
The Assad regime has now admitted these guys are a weapons shooting in the
street and they get jacked by a mess.
All this is what they're dealing with.
You got these guys who have guns and like Duh,
Duh Duh Duh Duh.
They pull up in a pickup truck.
Wow.
And then like we have an even bigger gun in your pickup truck.
They're going to kick some ass and uh hmm.
Watch how the shit hits the fan here,
man.
Siding,
siding day,
everyone's about to half.
These are,
uh,
who's side are we on here?
I guess we're on the side of the guys who are avowed to get jacked.
I,
who knows
the shocks.
So they back,
the guy backs up his truck
and they don't even have a chance to respond.
What?
Wash?
Look at this.
They're trying to move Christ uhmm and the guy's just screaming.
Allah Akbar Allahu Akbar.
Washout again.
Backed that up again.
Uh,
you,
you're actually controlling it.
Oh,
sorry.
Rice 10.
I do that.
I don't want to go to another fucking war man.
One more time.
We did a good job of filling the screen there,
buddy.
Yeah,
that's actually really good.
All right.
Watch this one more time.
Look,
they sort of realize it's happening.
Like look at them,
their body language like,
like they're like,
oh shit.
Oh Shit.
Watch that.
Sarah.
You got the running.
Boom.
Are you fucking kidding me man?
That's an ethical way to blow people up.
It's way better than chemical.
That was a beautiful thing.
Those guys are lucky.
That was like being killed by an American Eagle.
That's like getting killed by gourmet chef.
So precision
the United States doesn't do pinpoint.
I have miss seven.
Let's hear.
He's about to wrap it up.
Yeah.
Knowing more than 40 hours a week,
national agreements,
it has meant enforcing them.
The burdens of leadership are often heavy.
I can't get it up unless I'm Caroline Lee's because we have born them.
Okay.
And so to my friends on the right,
I asked you to reconcile your commitment to America's military might with a
failure to act when a cause is so plainly just,
okay,
let's stop.
So he's probably though is he's,
is he the worst president?
We've ever had.
He's the most disappointing for sure,
because Bush was scary from the jump,
and he was scary when he was going to war and scary when he was misspelling
words.
He was always scary,
but Obama was promising and now he's,
he's terrible.
That was awful.
And it was so corny.
It was so,
it was like watching that show.
What was that old a show that used to be on Jag?
Remember Jag is a military show on like NBC or CBS,
CBS,
CBS.
It was like,
you know,
it was fucking real clear.
The good guys,
bad guys,
good guys.
Always one.
Everything was,
it was a episode of Walker,
Texas Ranger.
That's what that was.
And he would just gave us,
I love,
what I really love is they try to give the illusion that there's such thing as a
safe or that's what's really funny.
He's like,
I'm just gonna stick this stake in the Hornet's nest.
The Hornets can't fly over here.
You're going to be fine.
There'll be no retaliation.
They can't even retaliate and it's no need to worry.
And it's the same kind of retaliation.
That's Chad,
but how crazy is that?
How would the,
the idea that you could just retaliate and you could do that and not,
not face retaliation.
What if we attack Syria and Russia decides to put missiles,
shields up?
Now what does out now we have Obama leading us in a fucking world war three
against that crocodile Putin.
That's scary.
That's scary to think about,
man.
I don't know,
I just,
I'm so disappointed in the whole way this is laid out or the whole way this is
taking place.
Don't do that prior.
We're going to get flagged.
Flagged for changing his color.
Yeah,
we did flag terrorist activities,
not flagged doorway.
We're not doing anything wrong.
God Damn and I pay my taxes and I doing something wrong.
If you protest against war,
I can't believe you support a man who would use chemicals to kill children.
Let's smoke them out in that funny you support the other guy.
If you don't think that you should fire missiles,
oh,
now he's leaving the same way came in.
Oh my God.
I some dramatic that.
Just that alone,
all of this react trickle shit was orchestrated.
Folks,
I guarantee you there are some people that are involved in this.
There's some producers,
there's some,
there's an artistic director they want.
That was a,
that was a
well planned out scene.
He walks up,
he walks back.
The fact that they do it in this ancient stupid house where he supposedly lives.
Meanwhile,
you know,
he's in some fucking seven mile thick bunker down,
deep into the ground,
the bowels of the Earth where Dick Cheney was hiding all throughout the Iraq
war.
There's just a metal slide.
He jumps in the shoot,
like a laundry chute,
jumps in and slides through the lens and the towels
and just go some cell phone off and surrounded by lizards who are like excellent
work.
Yeah,
it's bad.
It's Batman's layer.
It's about got Batman's layer and he says,
I have,
you know,
I guess we got wrap this up,
but
in closing,
I have this conflicted,
this conflicted view of life.
I have this massive hope for people.
I see all this change in people.
I know.
I see people growing and progressing and I see people communicating with each
other online and exchanging information in a way that's never existed before and
I'm so encouraged by it and I'm so hopeful about it.
I see people being overly sensitive online,
which I think is a sign of the right kind of thinking.
I think the right kind of thinking is is is there's a balance issue going on and
the over sensitivity,
whether it's in feminism or whether it's a progressive thinking,
I think it's in in balance that people who didn't feel like they were
represented now feel aggressive with their representation,
aggressive about their ideas and putting them forward.
And I think this is just some signaling of some new age of expression and that
we're,
we're learning about ourselves and life in a way that we never were even capable
of understanding before and it's so,
it's so incredible to be alive in this time,
but yet the same old stupid shit is going on the same power,
grab the same resource monopolization,
the same justification of murder,
the same rationalization of killing innocence one way as opposed to another.
The moral high ground that this one murderer takes over other murderers.
It's madness and that,
that it's shocking to me.
That's so funny you say that,
man,
because it really is funny.
It's like a serial killer judging another serial killer because Obama has
killed.
How many people is that?
Let's stop worrying about it.
Where are you gonna do this weekend doing comedy?
I,
I'm going to be,
I'm going to be at the comedy store this Thursday.
Dunkin's give them some love.
Brian,
your,
your dates
Phoenix,
September 26,
which is a Thursday.
And then September 27th that you can just go to [inaudible] dot com or just go
to [inaudible] dot TV for all the tickets,
me and Tony on Thursday.
And then Friday me,
Tony Thompson and,
and Pitch Christina [inaudible] Jetski also Joe,
uh,
La Pod fest is the first week of October.
I don't know if you're going to be doing or not.
No,
not doing it,
but yeah,
thanks to [inaudible] Dot Com
25th,
uh,
I'm in Manchester at a the house.
Not that I have anything
wrong with pod fest,
but I can't,
I got too much shit to do and I'm going to see honey honey that night.
Oh honey,
honey is in town.
You guys should come if you want your pod.
Festing uh,
October 1st.
Um,
Manchester,
uh,
I'm doing the dance house.
I think the first show might be sold out or are real close.
Well,
we're going to try to add a second show,
although they don't like to do that in England.
They like to do one show and then go home.
So I don't know how that works.
But Manchester,
England,
um,
October 25th and it's an eight o'clock show.
So I'll see about doing another one if at all possible.
Um,
and uh,
I also added a bunch of dates.
I had a good time and Breyer this weekend,
but I was a little rusty on Saturday night.
My second show,
especially,
I was burnt out from walking around Disneyland and,
uh,
I think I,
I had kind of a sloppy show in the second set and I got bummed out about it.
And,
uh,
someone wrote about it on reddit too and I kind of agreed with them a little
bit.
So I decided to start doing more,
more gigs.
And A,
I've got the Ontario Improv that I booked for the first week in October,
and then the Irvine Improv for the first week in November.
So the first weekend in November,
what?
Ontario.
It's fucking awesome.
Yeah,
it's awesome.
So as Irvine,
uh,
so first weekend in October,
the Ontario Improv thing,
tickets are on sale already.
And then the first weekend in November,
the Irvine Improv,
Friday,
Saturday,
Sunday,
both,
both places.
All right folks,
and we'll be back on Thursday with the lovely and talented David Cho all up in
this bitch.
Um,
and uh,
that's it.
Thanks to legal zoom.com.
Use the code name,
Rogan,
save yourself some cash money and thanks to Lumosity.
Got calm.com we Masatoshi Masa d.com.
Go get your head right,
son.
Keep do some brain exercises so you don't talk about what we do.
All right,
we love you guys.
We'll see you soon.
Bye.
[inaudible].